"Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince Harry Potter 6 by J.K. Rowling Mary GrandPr. There it was, hanging in the sky above the school the blazing green skull with a serpent tongue, the mark Death Eaters left behind whenever they had entered a building... wherever they had murdered... When Dumbledore arrives at Privet Drive one summer night to collect Harry Potter, his wand hand is blackened and shrivelled, but he does not reveal why. Secrets and suspicion are spreading through the wizarding world, and Hogwarts itself is not safe. Harry is convinced that Malfoy bears the Dark Mark there is a Death Eater amongst them. Harry will need powerful magic and true friends as he explores Voldemort's darkest secrets, and Dumbledore prepares him to face his destiny... Having become classics of our time, the Harry Potter eBooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. With their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the Boy Who Lived continues to delight generations of new readers."
"Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Harry Potter 5 by J.K. Rowling Mary GrandPr. 'You are sharing the Dark Lord's thoughts and emotions. The Headmaster thinks it inadvisable for this to continue. He wishes me to teach you how to close your mind to the Dark Lord.' Dark times have come to Hogwarts. After the Dementors' attack on his cousin Dudley, Harry Potter knows that Voldemort will stop at nothing to find him. There are many who deny the Dark Lord's return, but Harry is not alone a secret order gathers at Grimmauld Place to fight against the Dark forces. Harry must allow Professor Snape to teach him how to protect himself from Voldemort's savage assaults on his mind. But they are growing stronger by the day and Harry is running out of time... Having become classics of our time, the Harry Potter eBooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. With their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the Boy Who Lived continues to delight generations of new readers."
"Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Harry Potter 2 by J.K. Rowling. 'There is a plot, Harry Potter. A plot to make most terrible things happen at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year.' Harry Potter's summer has included the worst birthday ever, doomy warnings from a house elf called Dobby, and rescue from the Dursleys by his friend Ron Weasley in a magical flying car! Back at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry for his second year, Harry hears strange whispers echo through empty corridors and then the attacks start. Students are found as though turned to stone... Dobby's sinister predictions seem to be coming true. Having become classics of our time, the Harry Potter eBooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. With their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the Boy Who Lived continues to delight generations of new readers."
"Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Harry Potter 3 by J.K. Rowling Mary GrandPr. 'Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard. Just stick out your wand hand, step on board and we can take you anywhere you want to go.' When the Knight Bus crashes through the darkness and screeches to a halt in front of him, it's the start of another far from ordinary year at Hogwarts for Harry Potter. Sirius Black, escaped mass murderer and follower of Lord Voldemort, is on the run and they say he is coming after Harry. In his first ever Divination class, Professor Trelawney sees an omen of death in Harry's tea leaves... But perhaps most terrifying of all are the Dementors patrolling the school grounds, with their soul sucking kiss... Having become classics of our time, the Harry Potter eBooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. With their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the Boy Who Lived continues to delight generations of new readers."
"Harry Potter Boxed Set Books 1 5 Harry Potter 1 5 by J.K. Rowling Mary GrandPr. This collectible new boxed set contains the complete bestselling Harry Potter series, books 1 7, brilliantly redesigned by Caldecott Medalist Selznick in celebration of the 20th anniversary of the publication of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone."
Unauthorized Harry Potter Book Seven News Half Blood Prince Analysis and Speculation by W. Frederick Zimmerman. No description available
"Harry Potter Collection Harry Potter 1 6 by J.K. Rowling. J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter novels are now available in these spectacular new editions, with beautifully designed jackets by renowned woodcut artist Andrew Davidson. This stylish boxed set includes all seven novels and is perfect for Harry Potter novices and collectors alike. Contains in reading order Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone,Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets,Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix,Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince, andHarry Potter and the Deathly Hallows."
The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide Five Complete Novels and One Story Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 1 5 by Douglas Adams. 6 Science fiction romaner.
"The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 1 5 by Douglas Adams. In one complete volume, here are the five classic novels from Douglas Adams s beloved Hitchhiker series. Now celebrating the pivotal 42nd anniversary of The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy, soon to be a Hulu original series! The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy Nominated as one of America s best loved novels by PBS s The Great American Read Seconds before the Earth is demolished for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is saved by Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised Guide. Together they stick out their thumbs to the stars and begin a wild journey through time and space. The Restaurant at the End of the Universe The moment before annihilation at the hands of warmongers is a curious time to crave tea. It could only happen to the cosmically displaced Arthur Dent and his comrades as they hurtle across the galaxy in a desperate search for a place to eat. Life, the Universe and Everything The unhappy inhabitants of planet Krikkit are sick of looking at the night sky so they plan to destroy it. The universe, that is. Now only five individuals can avert Armageddon mild mannered Arthur Dent and his stalwart crew. So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish Back on Earth, Arthur Dent is ready to believe that the past eight years were all just a figment of his stressed out imagination. But a gift wrapped fishbowl with a cryptic inscription thrusts him back to reality. So to speak. Mostly Harmless Just when Arthur Dent makes the terrible mistake of starting to enjoy life, all hell breaks loose. Can he save the Earth from total obliteration? Can he save the Guide from a hostile alien takeover? Can he save his daughter from herself? Includes the bonus story Young Zaphod Plays It Safe With droll wit, a keen eye for detail and heavy doses of insight . . . Adams makes us laugh until we cry. San Diego Union Tribune Lively, sharply satirical, brilliantly written . . . ranks with the best set pieces in Mark Twain. The Atlantic"
"The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 1 by Douglas Adams. In one complete volume, here are the five classic novels from Douglas Adams s beloved Hitchhiker series. Now celebrating the pivotal 42nd anniversary of The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy, soon to be a Hulu original series! The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy Nominated as one of America s best loved novels by PBS s The Great American Read Seconds before the Earth is demolished for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is saved by Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised Guide. Together they stick out their thumbs to the stars and begin a wild journey through time and space. The Restaurant at the End of the Universe The moment before annihilation at the hands of warmongers is a curious time to crave tea. It could only happen to the cosmically displaced Arthur Dent and his comrades as they hurtle across the galaxy in a desperate search for a place to eat. Life, the Universe and Everything The unhappy inhabitants of planet Krikkit are sick of looking at the night sky so they plan to destroy it. The universe, that is. Now only five individuals can avert Armageddon mild mannered Arthur Dent and his stalwart crew. So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish Back on Earth, Arthur Dent is ready to believe that the past eight years were all just a figment of his stressed out imagination. But a gift wrapped fishbowl with a cryptic inscription thrusts him back to reality. So to speak. Mostly Harmless Just when Arthur Dent makes the terrible mistake of starting to enjoy life, all hell breaks loose. Can he save the Earth from total obliteration? Can he save the Guide from a hostile alien takeover? Can he save his daughter from herself? Includes the bonus story Young Zaphod Plays It Safe With droll wit, a keen eye for detail and heavy doses of insight . . . Adams makes us laugh until we cry. San Diego Union Tribune Lively, sharply satirical, brilliantly written . . . ranks with the best set pieces in Mark Twain. The Atlantic"
"The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 1 by Douglas Adams Stephen Fry. In one complete volume, here are the five classic novels from Douglas Adams s beloved Hitchhiker series. Now celebrating the pivotal 42nd anniversary of The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy, soon to be a Hulu original series! The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy Nominated as one of America s best loved novels by PBS s The Great American Read Seconds before the Earth is demolished for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is saved by Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised Guide. Together they stick out their thumbs to the stars and begin a wild journey through time and space. The Restaurant at the End of the Universe The moment before annihilation at the hands of warmongers is a curious time to crave tea. It could only happen to the cosmically displaced Arthur Dent and his comrades as they hurtle across the galaxy in a desperate search for a place to eat. Life, the Universe and Everything The unhappy inhabitants of planet Krikkit are sick of looking at the night sky so they plan to destroy it. The universe, that is. Now only five individuals can avert Armageddon mild mannered Arthur Dent and his stalwart crew. So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish Back on Earth, Arthur Dent is ready to believe that the past eight years were all just a figment of his stressed out imagination. But a gift wrapped fishbowl with a cryptic inscription thrusts him back to reality. So to speak. Mostly Harmless Just when Arthur Dent makes the terrible mistake of starting to enjoy life, all hell breaks loose. Can he save the Earth from total obliteration? Can he save the Guide from a hostile alien takeover? Can he save his daughter from herself? Includes the bonus story Young Zaphod Plays It Safe With droll wit, a keen eye for detail and heavy doses of insight . . . Adams makes us laugh until we cry. San Diego Union Tribune Lively, sharply satirical, brilliantly written . . . ranks with the best set pieces in Mark Twain. The Atlantic"
"The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 1 5 by Douglas Adams. In one complete volume, here are the five classic novels from Douglas Adams s beloved Hitchhiker series. Now celebrating the pivotal 42nd anniversary of The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy, soon to be a Hulu original series! The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy Nominated as one of America s best loved novels by PBS s The Great American Read Seconds before the Earth is demolished for a galactic freeway, Arthur Dent is saved by Ford Prefect, a researcher for the revised Guide. Together they stick out their thumbs to the stars and begin a wild journey through time and space. The Restaurant at the End of the Universe The moment before annihilation at the hands of warmongers is a curious time to crave tea. It could only happen to the cosmically displaced Arthur Dent and his comrades as they hurtle across the galaxy in a desperate search for a place to eat. Life, the Universe and Everything The unhappy inhabitants of planet Krikkit are sick of looking at the night sky so they plan to destroy it. The universe, that is. Now only five individuals can avert Armageddon mild mannered Arthur Dent and his stalwart crew. So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish Back on Earth, Arthur Dent is ready to believe that the past eight years were all just a figment of his stressed out imagination. But a gift wrapped fishbowl with a cryptic inscription thrusts him back to reality. So to speak. Mostly Harmless Just when Arthur Dent makes the terrible mistake of starting to enjoy life, all hell breaks loose. Can he save the Earth from total obliteration? Can he save the Guide from a hostile alien takeover? Can he save his daughter from herself? Includes the bonus story Young Zaphod Plays It Safe With droll wit, a keen eye for detail and heavy doses of insight . . . Adams makes us laugh until we cry. San Diego Union Tribune Lively, sharply satirical, brilliantly written . . . ranks with the best set pieces in Mark Twain. The Atlantic"
"A Short History of Nearly Everything by Bill Bryson. One of the world s most beloved writers and New York Times bestselling author of A Walk in the Woods and The Body takes his ultimate journey into the most intriguing and intractable questions that science seeks to answer. In A Walk in the Woods, Bill Bryson trekked the Appalachian Trail well, most of it. In A Sunburned Country, he confronted some of the most lethal wildlife Australia has to offer. Now, in his biggest book, he confronts his greatest challenge to understand and, if possible, answer the oldest, biggest questions we have posed about the universe and ourselves. Taking as territory everything from the Big Bang to the rise of civilization, Bryson seeks to understand how we got from there being nothing at all to there being us. To that end, he has attached himself to a host of the world s most advanced and often obsessed archaeologists, anthropologists, and mathematicians, travelling to their offices, laboratories, and field camps. He has read or tried to read their books, pestered them with questions, apprenticed himself to their powerful minds. A Short History of Nearly Everything is the record of this quest, and it is a sometimes profound, sometimes funny, and always supremely clear and entertaining adventure in the realms of human knowledge, as only Bill Bryson can render it. Science has never been more involving or entertaining."
"Bill Bryson's African Diary by Bill Bryson. From the author of A Short History of Nearly Everything and The Body comes a travel diary documenting a visit to Kenya. All royalties and profits go to CARE International. In the early fall of 2002, famed travel writer Bill Bryson journeyed to Kenya at the invitation of CARE International, the charity dedicated to working with local communities to eradicate poverty around the world. He arrived with a set of mental images of Africa gleaned from television broadcasts of low budget Jungle Jim movies in his Iowa childhood and a single viewing of the film version of Out of Africa. Also with some worries about tropical diseases, insects, and large predators. But the vibrant reality of Kenya and its people took over the second he deplaned in Nairobi, and this diary records Bill Bryson s impressions of his trip with his inimitable trademark style of wry observation and curious insight. From the wrenching poverty of the Kibera slum in Nairobi to the meticulously manicured grounds of the Karen Blixen house and the human fossil riches of the National Museum, Bryson registers the striking contrasts of a postcolonial society in transition. He visits the astoundingly vast Great Rift Valley undergoes the rigors of a teeth rattling train journey to Mombasa and a hair whitening flight through a vicious storm and visits the refugee camps and the agricultural and economic projects where dedicated CARE professionals wage noble and dogged war against poverty, dislocation, and corruption. Though brief in compass and duration, Bill Bryson s African Diary is rich in irreverent, poignant, and morally instructive observation. Like all of this author s work, it can make the reader laugh, think, and especially, feel all at the same time."
"Bryson's Dictionary of Troublesome Words A Writer's Guide to Getting It Right by Bill Bryson. One of the English language s most skilled and beloved writers guides us all toward precise, mistake free grammar. As usual Bill Bryson says it best English is a dazzlingly idiosyncratic tongue, full of quirks and irregularities that often seem willfully at odds with logic and common sense. This is a language where cleave can mean to cut in half or to hold two halves together where the simple word set has 126 different meanings as a verb, 58 as a noun, and 10 as a participial adjective where if you can run fast you are moving swiftly, but if you are stuck fast you are not moving at all and where colonel, freight, once, and ache are strikingly at odds with their spellings. As a copy editor for the London Times in the early 1980s, Bill Bryson felt keenly the lack of an easy to consult, authoritative guide to avoiding the traps and snares in English, and so he brashly suggested to a publisher that he should write one. Surprisingly, the proposition was accepted, and for a sum of money carefully gauged not to cause embarrassment or feelings of overworth, he proceeded to write that book his first, inaugurating his stellar career. Now, a decade and a half later, revised, updated, and thoroughly but not overly Americanized, it has become Bryson s Dictionary of Troublesome Words, more than ever an essential guide to the wonderfully disordered thing that is the English language. With some one thousand entries, from a, an to zoom, that feature real world examples of questionable usage from an international array of publications, and with a helpful glossary and guide to pronunciation, this precise, prescriptive, and because it is written by Bill Bryson often witty book belongs on the desk of every person who cares enough about the language not to maul or misuse or distort it."
"In a Sunburned Country by Bill Bryson. Deliciously funny, fact filled and adventurous, In a Sunburned Country takes us on a grand tour of Australia. It's a place where interesting things happen all the time, from a Prime Minister lost yes, lost while swimming at sea, to Japanese cult members who may entirely unnoticed have set off an atomic bomb on their 500,000 acre property in the great western desert. Australia is the only island that is also a continent, and the only continent that is also a country. Its aboriginal people, a remote and mysterious race with a tragic history, have made it their home for millennia. And despite the fact that it is the most desiccated, infertile and climatically aggressive of all inhabited continents, it teems with life. In fact, Australia has more things that can kill you in extremely nasty ways than anywhere else sharks, crocodiles, the planet's ten most deadly poisonous snakes, fluffy yet toxic caterpillars, sea shells that actually attack you, and the unbelievable box jellyfish don't ask . The dangerous riptides of the sea and the sun baked wastes of the outback both lie in wait for the unwary. Australia is an immense and fortunate land, and it has found in Bill Bryson its perfect guide. In a Sunburned Country offers the best of all possible introductions to what may well be the best of all possible nations. Even with those jellyfish."
"I'm a Stranger Here Myself Notes on Returning to America After Twenty Years Away by Bill Bryson. A classic from the New York Times bestselling author of A Walk in the Woods and The Body. After living in Britain for two decades, Bill Bryson recently moved back to the United States with his English wife and four children he had read somewhere that nearly 3 million Americans believed they had been abducted by aliens as he later put it, it was clear my people needed me . They were greeted by a new and improved America that boasts microwave pancakes, twenty four hour dental floss hotlines, and the staunch conviction that ice is not a luxury item. Delivering the brilliant comic musings that are a Bryson hallmark, I'm a Stranger Here Myself recounts his sometimes disconcerting reunion with the land of his birth. The result is a book filled with hysterical scenes of one man's attempt to reacquaint himself with his own country, but it is also an extended if at times bemused love letter to the homeland he has returned to after twenty years away."
"The Lost Continent Travels in Small Town America by Bill Bryson. I come from Des Moines. Somebody had to. And, as soon as Bill Bryson was old enough, he left. Des Moines couldn't hold him, but it did lure him back. After ten years in England he returned to the land of his youth, and drove almost 14,000 miles in search of a mythical small town called Amalgam, the kind of smiling village where the movies from his youth were set. Instead he drove through a series of horrific burgs, which he renamed Smellville, Fartville, Coleslaw, Coma, and Doldrum. At best his search led him to Anywhere, USA, a lookalike strip of gas stations, motels and hamburger outlets populated by obese and slow witted hicks with a partiality for synthetic fibres. He discovered a continent that was doubly lost lost to itself because he found it blighted by greed, pollution, mobile homes and television lost to him because he had become a foreigner in his own country."
"Neither Here nor There Travels in Europe by Bill Bryson. Bryson brings his unique brand of humour to travel writing as he shoulders his backpack, keeps a tight hold on his wallet and heads for Europe. Travelling with Stephen Katz also his wonderful sidekick in A Walk in the Woods he wanders from Hammerfest in the far north, to Istanbul on the cusp of Asia. As he makes his way round this incredibly varied continent, he retraces his travels as a student twenty years before with caustic hilarity."
"Notes from a Small Island by Bill Bryson. Before New York Times bestselling author Bill Bryson wrote The Road to Little Dribbling, he took this delightfully irreverent jaunt around the unparalleled floating nation of Great Britain, which has produced zebra crossings, Shakespeare, Twiggie Winkie s Farm, and places with names like Farleigh Wallop and Titsey."
"The Mother Tongue English and How It Got That Way by Bill Bryson. Vastly informative and vastly entertaining A scholarly and fascinating book. Los Angeles Times With dazzling wit and astonishing insight, Bill Bryson explores the remarkable history, eccentricities, resilience and sheer fun of the English language. From the first descent of the larynx into the throat why you can talk but your dog can t , to the fine lost art of swearing, Bryson tells the fascinating, often uproarious story of an inadequate, second rate tongue of peasants that developed into one of the world s largest growth industries."
"J.R.R. Tolkien 4 Book Boxed Set The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien. As the Shadow of Mordor grows across the land, the Companions of the Ring have become involved in separate adventures. Aragorn, revealed as the hidden heir of the ancient Kings of the West, has joined with the Riders of Rohan against the forces of Isengard. Merry and Pippin, captured by Orcs, escape into Fangorn Forest and there encounter the Ents. Gandalf has miraculously returned and defeated the evil wizard, Saurman. Sam has left his master for dead after a battle with the giant spider, Shelob. But Frodo is still alive, in the foul hands of the Orcs. And all the while, the armies of the Dark Lord are massing as the One Ring draws nearer to the Cracks of Doom."
"The Lord of the Rings The Lord of the Rings 1 3 by J.R.R. Tolkien. A beautiful illustrated boxed set collecting the two most popular Tolkien hardbacks the Centenary edition of The Lord of the Rings and the 60th Anniversary edition of The Hobbit, both illustrated by Alan Lee. Since they were first published, The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings have been two books people have treasured. Steeped in unrivalled magic and otherworldliness, these works of sweeping fantasy have touched the hearts of young and old alike. Between them, nearly 100 million copies have been sold around the world. And no editions have proved more popular than the two that were illustrated by award winning artist, Alan Lee the Centenary edition of The Lord of the Rings and the 60th Anniversary edition of The Hobbit. Now, for the first time, these two beautifully illustrated hardbacks have been collected together into one deluxe boxed set. Readers will be able to follow the complete story of the Hobbits and their part in the quest for the Ring beginning with Bilbo's fateful visit from Gandalf and culminating in the dramatic climax between Frodo and Gollum atop Mount Doom while also enjoying over seventy full page colour paintings and numerous illustrations which acco"
The Fellowship of the Ring The Lord of the Rings 1 by J.R.R. Tolkien. No description available
"The Lord of the Rings The Lord of the Rings 1 3 by J.R.R. Tolkien Alan Lee. A beautiful illustrated boxed set collecting the two most popular Tolkien hardbacks the Centenary edition of The Lord of the Rings and the 60th Anniversary edition of The Hobbit, both illustrated by Alan Lee. Since they were first published, The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings have been two books people have treasured. Steeped in unrivalled magic and otherworldliness, these works of sweeping fantasy have touched the hearts of young and old alike. Between them, nearly 100 million copies have been sold around the world. And no editions have proved more popular than the two that were illustrated by award winning artist, Alan Lee the Centenary edition of The Lord of the Rings and the 60th Anniversary edition of The Hobbit. Now, for the first time, these two beautifully illustrated hardbacks have been collected together into one deluxe boxed set. Readers will be able to follow the complete story of the Hobbits and their part in the quest for the Ring beginning with Bilbo's fateful visit from Gandalf and culminating in the dramatic climax between Frodo and Gollum atop Mount Doom while also enjoying over seventy full page colour paintings and numerous illustrations which acco"
"The Lord of the Rings Weapons and Warfare by Chris Smith Christopher Lee Richard Taylor. Describes in detail, with over one thousand photographs, the battles, armies, and armor used in the War of the Ring based on J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings trilogy, including battle plans and character histories and descriptions."
"The Lord of the Rings Complete Visual Companion by Jude Fisher. At last in paperback, this large format illustrated book combines the contents of all three hardbacks, together with exclusive new pictures and text, to provide the perfect companion to the complete trilogy. The Lord of the Rings Visual Companion takes the reader on their own journey into the world of Peter Jackson's epic movie trilogy. This large format full colour photographic encyclopedic guide to the characters, places, landscapes, creatures, battles, and costumes as seen in the film trilogy. The only authorised visual companion, it will feature many stunning images exclusive to this edition together with detailed informative text and specially commissioned extras not available anywhere else, such as maps and battle plans. Fully revised with new pictures from all three movies, plus additional sections which could not be included in the individual hardbacks, this book is a complete guide to the movies and a perfect accompaniment to the books, DVDs and videos."
"Agile Web Development with Rails A Pragmatic Guide by Dave Thomas David Heinemeier Hansson Leon Breedt Mike Clark Thomas Fuchs Andreas Schwarz. This guide introduces the concepts behind the Rails MVC framework for developing web applications, examines most of its modules and methods, either by example or narratively in the text, and walks through the creation of a simple online store. The active record for connecting to databases, the action controller, action view, AJAX, and testing are covered. An appendix explains the syntax of the Ruby object oriented scripting language. Publisher."
"Hatchet Brian's Saga 1 by Gary Paulsen. After a plane crash, thirteen year old Brian spends fifty four days in the Canadian wilderness, learning to survive initially with only the aid of a hatchet given him by his mother, and learning also to survive his parents' divorce."
"Hatchet A Guide for Using Hatchet in the Classroom by Donna Ickes Edward Sciranko Keith Vasconcelles. Teaching literature unit based on the popular children's story, Hatchet."
"Guts The True Stories behind Hatchet and the Brian Books by Gary Paulsen. Guess what Gary Paulsen was being kind to Brian. In Guts, Gary tells the real stories behind the Brian books, the stories of the adventures that inspired him to write Brian Robeson's story working as an emergency volunteer the death that inspired the pilot's death in Hatchet plane crashes he has seen and near misses of his own. He describes how he made his own bows and arrows, and takes readers on his first hunting trips, showing the wonder and solace of nature along with his hilarious mishaps and mistakes. He shares special memories, such as the night he attracted every mosquito in the county, or how he met the moose with a sense of humor, and the moose who made it personal. There's a handy chapter on Eating Eyeballs and Guts or Starving The Fine Art of Wilderness Nutrition. Recipes included. Readers may wonder how Gary Paulsen survived to write all of his books well, it took guts."
Molly Hatchet 5 of the Best by Molly Hatchet. No description available
Hatchet Jobs Writings on Contemporary Fiction by Dale Peck. No description available
"A Changeling for All Seasons Changeling Seasons 1 by Angela Knight Sahara Kelly Judy Mays Marteeka Karland Kate Douglas Shelby Morgen Lacey Savage Kate Hill Willa Okati. Thirteen tales of Christmas Magic from your favorite Changeling authors! Ayla Ruse Racing Wild A wild race can lead to anything even love. Anne Kane Tinsel Wars Braedon intends to win the final skirmish in the Tinsel Wars! Ruth D. Kerce Christmas Cowboy Chaz breeds horses. What's a cowboy supposed to do with a herd of reindeer? Dahlia Rose Silver Bells Tia was the sexy little elf that made Danny Grinch's Christmas that much hotter. Crymsyn Hart Sleigh Balls Instead of snow this Christmas, it's raining reindeer! Lena Austin Ghosting Ghost hunting means sometimes you find a ghost you weren't expecting, when you aren't even looking. Judy Mays Jingle Buds Dr. Jon Claus finds the perfect woman when Emily Olson's grandmother gets run over by a reindeer! Julia Talbot Merry X Moose Can a were moose and a Santa obsessed Elf fall in love and save Christmas at the same time? Lily Vega Wicked Game All's fair in love and war during Santa's Reindeer Games. CJ England Snip! Snap! Dragon! With a fiery Snip! Snap! a passionate modern day dragon lures his forever mate into the flames. Ana Raine White Stag When the scent of peppermint reaches his nose Crane knows he has to remember or lose it all forever. Sara Jay Sleigh Ride Can one magical sleigh ride deliver love to two lonely Elves? Sean Michael Five Golden Beads When kinky gifts begin arriving, Shay knows it's time for a visit from his very own special Elf."
"Changeling Changeling 1 by Delia Sherman. With a new introduction by Karen Russell, the 40th anniversary edition of The Changeling is a visionary fairy tale and a work of mythic genius by one of our best writers. Forty years later, The Changeling is no less haunting and no less visionary than the day it was published, but it has only become clearer that Joy Williams is a virtuosic stylist and a singular thinker a genius in every sense of the word. When we first meet Pearl young in years but advanced in her drinking she s on the lam, sitting at a hotel bar in Florida, throwing back gin and tonics with her infant son cradled in the crook of her arm. But her escape is brief, and the relief she feels at having fled her abusive husband, and the Northeastern island his family calls home, doesn t last for long. Soon she s being shepherded back. The island, for Pearl, is a place of madness and pain, and her round the clock drinking spurs on the former even if it dulls the latter. And through this lens Pearl s fragile consciousness readers encounter the horror and triumph of both childhood and motherhood in a new light. With language that flits between exuberance and elegy, the plainspoken and the poetic, Joy Williams has blended, as Rick Moody writes, the arresting improbabilities of magic realism, with the surrealism of the folkloric revival . . . and with the modernist foreboding of Under the Volcano, and created something entirely original and entirely consuming."
"The Changeling Sea by Patricia A. McKillip. World Fantasy Award winner Patricia A. McKillip tells an enchanting fantasy that is tinged with realism and romance. School Library Journal Since the day her father's fishing boat returned without him, Peri and her mother have mourned his loss. Her mother sinks into a deep depression and spends her days gazing out at the sea. Unable to control her anger and sadness any longer, Peri uses the small magic she knows to hex the sea. And suddenly into her drab life come the King's sons changelings with strange ties to the underwater kingdom a young magician, and, finally, love. McKillip is a master storyteller her tale rings true as if it were being told from memory. Kirkus Reviews, pointer review"
"The Changeling by Zilpha Keatley Snyder. Mesmerizing . . . a dark fairy tale of New York, full of magic and loss, myth and mystery, love and madness. Marlon James, author of the Dark Star trilogy NOW AN APPLE TV SERIES STARRING LAKEITH STANFIELD ONE OF TIME S 100 BEST FANTASY BOOKS OF ALL TIME Winner of an American Book Award, a Locus Award for Best Horror Novel, a British Fantasy Award for Best Horror Novel, a World Fantasy Award for Best Novel Nominated for a Shirley Jackson Award, an International Dublin Literary Award, a Mythopoeic Award for Literature When Apollo Kagwa s father disappeared, he left his son a box of books and strange recurring dreams. Now Apollo is a father himself and as he and his wife, Emma, settle into their new lives as parents, exhaustion and anxiety start to take their toll. Apollo s old dreams return and Emma begins acting odd. At first Emma seems to be exhibiting signs of postpartum depression. But before Apollo can do anything to help, Emma commits a horrific act and vanishes. Thus begins Apollo s quest to find a wife and child who are nothing like he d imagined. His odyssey takes him to a forgotten island, a graveyard full of secrets, a forest where immigrant legends still live, and finally back to a place he thought he had lost forever. NAMED ONE OF PASTE S BEST HORROR BOOKS OF THE DECADE NAMED ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS OF THE YEAR BY The New York Times USA Today The New York Public Library NPR BuzzFeed Kirkus Reviews Book Riot The thriller you won t be able to put down. O The Oprah Magazine Intense, riveting . . . The story is a long, slow burn with a lingering sizzle. Los Angeles Review of Books A modern day tale of terror rooted in ancient myth and folklore, brimming with magical revelation and emotional truth. San Francisco Chronicle"
"The Changeling by Kate Horsley. Mesmerizing . . . a dark fairy tale of New York, full of magic and loss, myth and mystery, love and madness. Marlon James, author of the Dark Star trilogy NOW AN APPLE TV SERIES STARRING LAKEITH STANFIELD ONE OF TIME S 100 BEST FANTASY BOOKS OF ALL TIME Winner of an American Book Award, a Locus Award for Best Horror Novel, a British Fantasy Award for Best Horror Novel, a World Fantasy Award for Best Novel Nominated for a Shirley Jackson Award, an International Dublin Literary Award, a Mythopoeic Award for Literature When Apollo Kagwa s father disappeared, he left his son a box of books and strange recurring dreams. Now Apollo is a father himself and as he and his wife, Emma, settle into their new lives as parents, exhaustion and anxiety start to take their toll. Apollo s old dreams return and Emma begins acting odd. At first Emma seems to be exhibiting signs of postpartum depression. But before Apollo can do anything to help, Emma commits a horrific act and vanishes. Thus begins Apollo s quest to find a wife and child who are nothing like he d imagined. His odyssey takes him to a forgotten island, a graveyard full of secrets, a forest where immigrant legends still live, and finally back to a place he thought he had lost forever. NAMED ONE OF PASTE S BEST HORROR BOOKS OF THE DECADE NAMED ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS OF THE YEAR BY The New York Times USA Today The New York Public Library NPR BuzzFeed Kirkus Reviews Book Riot The thriller you won t be able to put down. O The Oprah Magazine Intense, riveting . . . The story is a long, slow burn with a lingering sizzle. Los Angeles Review of Books A modern day tale of terror rooted in ancient myth and folklore, brimming with magical revelation and emotional truth. San Francisco Chronicle"
The Changeling Daughters of England 15 by Philippa Carr. No description available
"The Known World by Edward P. Jones. A rigorous examination of the workings of fiction by the novelist Robert Boswell, one of America's finest writers Tom Perrotta Robert Boswell has been writing, reading, and teaching literature for more than twenty years. In this sparkling collection of essays, he brings this vast experience and a keen critical eye to bear on craft issues facing literary writers. Examples from masters such as Leo Tolstoy, Flannery O'Connor, and Alice Munro illustrate this engaging discussion of what makes great writing. At the same time, Boswell moves readers beyond the classroom, candidly sharing the experiences that have shaped his own writing life. A chance encounter in a hotel bar leads to a fascinating glimpse into his imaginative process. And through the story of a boyhood adventure, Boswell details how important it is for writers to give themselves over to what he calls the half known world of fiction, where surprise and meaning converge."
"The Known World by Edward P. Jones Kevin R. Free. A rigorous examination of the workings of fiction by the novelist Robert Boswell, one of America's finest writers Tom Perrotta Robert Boswell has been writing, reading, and teaching literature for more than twenty years. In this sparkling collection of essays, he brings this vast experience and a keen critical eye to bear on craft issues facing literary writers. Examples from masters such as Leo Tolstoy, Flannery O'Connor, and Alice Munro illustrate this engaging discussion of what makes great writing. At the same time, Boswell moves readers beyond the classroom, candidly sharing the experiences that have shaped his own writing life. A chance encounter in a hotel bar leads to a fascinating glimpse into his imaginative process. And through the story of a boyhood adventure, Boswell details how important it is for writers to give themselves over to what he calls the half known world of fiction, where surprise and meaning converge."
Traders Guns Money Knowns and Unknowns in the Dazzling World of Derivatives by Satyajit Das. No description available
"Artesia Adventures in the Known World by Mark Smylie. The award winning graphic novel Artesia comes to life in the Adventures in the Known World RPG, using a modified and easy to use Fuzion based roleplaying system to plunge players into the strife riven realms of the Known World, from the Warring Citadels of the Daragjan Highlands to the never ending feud between the Sun Court of Illia and the Phoenix Court of the Empire of Thessid Gola. Includes an expansive adaptation of R. Talsorian Games' LifePath character generation system including birth omens, star signs and divine and heroic lineages, and rules for talents and abilities accessible to characters through the Arcana, the Tarot like system representing the Known World's archetypal paths of power and the foundation of an unique system of experience, allowing game rewards for virtually all types of character actions."
"The John McPhee Reader John McPhee Reader 1 by John McPhee William Howarth. In 1965, John McPhee published his first book, A Sense of Where You Are a decade later, he had published eleven others. This reader is comprised of selections from those first twelve books."
"Uncommon Carriers by John McPhee. McPhee, in prose distinguished by its warm humor, keen insight, and rich sense of human character, looks at the people who drive trucks, captain ships, pilot towboats, drive coal trains, and carry lobsters through the air people who work in freight transportation."
"Heirs of General Practice by John McPhee. Heirs of General Practice is a frieze of glimpses of young doctors with patients of every age about a dozen physicians in all, who belong to the new medical specialty called family practice. They are people who have addressed themselves to a need for a unifying generalism in a world that has become greatly subdivided by specialization, physicians who work with the unquantifiable idea that a doctor who treats your grandmother, your father, your niece, and your daughter will be more adroit in treating you. These young men and women are seen in their examining rooms in various rural communities in Maine, but Maine is only the example. Their medical objectives, their successes, the professional obstacles they do and do not overcome are representative of any place family practitioners are working. While essential medical background is provided, McPhee's masterful approach to a trend significant to all of us is replete with affecting, and often amusing, stories about both doctors and their charges."
"The Control of Nature by John McPhee. While John McPhee was working on his previous book, Rising from the Plains, he happened to walk by the engineering building at the University of Wyoming, where words etched in limestone said Strive on the control of Nature is won, not given. In the morning sunlight, that central phrase the control of nature seemed to sparkle with unintended ambiguity. Bilateral, symmetrical, it could with equal speed travel in opposite directions. For some years, he had been planning a book about places in the world where people have been engaged in all out battles with nature, about in the words of the book itself any struggle against natural forces heroic or venal, rash or well advised when human beings conscript themselves to fight against the earth, to take what is not given, to rout the destroying enemy, to surround the base of Mt. Olympus demanding and expecting the surrender of the gods. His interest had first been sparked when he went into the Atchafalaya the largest river swamp in North America and had learned that virtually all of its waters were metered and rationed by a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers' project called Old River Control. In the natural cycles of the Mississippi's deltaic plain, the time had come for the Mississippi to change course, to shift its mouth more than a hundred miles and go down the Atchafalaya, one of its distributary branches. The United States could not afford that for New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and all the industries that lie between would be cut off from river commerce with the rest of the nation. At a place called Old River, the Corps therefore had built a great fortress part dam, part valve to restrain the flow of the Atchafalaya and compel the Mississippi to stay where it is. In Iceland, in 1973, an island split open without warning and huge volumes of lava began moving in the direction of a harbor scarcely half a mile away. It was not only Iceland's premier fishing port accounting for a large percentage of Iceland's export economy but it was also the only harbor along the nation's southern coast. As the lava threatened to fill the harbor and wipe it out, a physicist named Thorbjorn Sigurgeirsson suggested a way to fight against the flowing red rock initiating an all out endeavor unique in human history. On the big island of Hawaii, one of the world's two must eruptive hot spots, people are not unmindful of the Icelandic example. McPhee went to Hawaii to talk with them and to walk beside the edges of a molten lake and incandescent rivers. Some of the more expensive real estate in Los Angeles is up against mountains that are rising and disintegrating as rapidly as any in the world. After a complex coincidence of natural events, boulders will flow out of these mountains like fish eggs, mixed with mud, sand, and smaller rocks in a cascading mass known as debris flow. Plucking up trees and cars, bursting through doors and windows, filling up houses to their eaves, debris flows threaten the lives of people living in and near Los Angeles' famous canyons. At extraordinary expense the city has built a hundred and fifty stadium like basins in a daring effort to catch the debris. Taking us deep into these contested territories, McPhee details the strategies and tactics through which people attempt to control nature. Most striking in his vivid depiction of the main contestants nature in complex and awesome guises, and those who would attempt to wrest control from her stubborn, often ingenious, and always arresting characters."
"Annals of the Former World by John McPhee. The Pulitzer Prize winning view of the continent, across the fortieth parallel and down through 4.6 billion years Twenty years ago, when John McPhee began his journeys back and forth across the United States, he planned to describe a cross section of North America at about the fortieth parallel and, in the process, come to an understanding not only of the science but of the style of the geologists he traveled with. The structure of the book never changed, but its breadth caused him to complete it in stages, under the overall title Annals of the Former World. Like the terrain it covers, Annals of the Former World tells a multilayered tale, and the reader may choose one of many paths through it. As clearly and succinctly written as it is profoundly informed, this is our finest popular survey of geology and a masterpiece of modern nonfiction. Annals of the Former World is the winner of the 1999 Pulitzer Prize for Nonfiction."
Coming Into the Country by John McPhee. Literary account of Alaska and Alaskans.
"La Place de la Concorde Suisse by John McPhee. La Place de la Concorde Suisse is John McPhee's rich, journalistic study of the Swiss Army's role in Swiss society. The Swiss Army is so quietly efficient at the art of war that the Israelis carefully patterned their own military on the Swiss model."
"Giving Good Weight by John McPhee. You people come into the market the Greenmarket, in the open air under the down pouring sun and you slit the tomatoes with your fingernails. With your thumbs, you excavate the cheese. You choose your stringbeans one at a time. You pulp the nectarines and rape the sweet corn. You are something wonderful, you are people of the city and we, who are almost without exception strangers here, are as absorbed with you as you seem to be with the numbers on our hanging scales. So opens the title piece in this collection of John McPhee's classic essays, grouped here with four others, including Brigade de Cuisine, a profile of an artistic and extraordinary chef The Keel of Lake Dickey, in which a journey down the whitewater of a wild river ends in the shadow of a huge projected dam a report on plans for the construction of nuclear power plants that would float in the ocean and a pinball shoot out between two prizewinning journalists."
Rising from the Plains by John McPhee. Bestselling author McPhee takes us on another exciting geological excursion with this engaging account of life past and present in the high plains of Wyoming.
"The Heidi Chronicles by Wendy Wasserstein. Traces the coming of age of Heidi Holland, a successful art historian, as she tries to find her bearings in a rapidly changing world."
"The Heidi Chronicles Uncommon Women and Others Isn't It Romantic by Wendy Wasserstein. The graduating seniors of a Seven Sisters college, trying to decide whether to pattern themselves after Katharine Hepburn or Emily Dickinson. Two young women besieged by the demands of mothers, lovers, and careers not to mention a highly persistent telephone answering machine as they struggle to have it all. A brilliant feminist art historian trying to keep her bearings and her sense of humor on the elevator ride from the radical sixties to the heartless eighties. Wendy Wasserstein's characters are so funny, so many sided, and so real that we seem to know them from their Scene One entrances, though the places they go are invariably surprising. And these three plays Uncommon Women and Others, Isn't It Romantic, and the Pulitzer Prize winning The Heidi Chronicles manage to engage us heart, mind, and soul on such a deep and lasting level that they are already recognized as classics of the modern theater."
"Active Literacy Across the Curriculum Strategies for Reading Writing Speaking and Listening by Heidi Hayes Jacobs. Highly acclaimed author Heidi Hayes Jacobs shows teachers at very grade level and in every subject area how to integrate the teaching of literacy skills into their daily curriculum. With an emphasis on school wide collaborative planning, she shows how curriculum mapping sustains literacy between grade levels and subjects."
"Simply Beautiful Beaded Jewelry by Heidi Boyd. If gorgeous beaded jewelry always catches your eye, you'll love making and wearing! your own necklaces, bracelets and earrings. Simply Beautiful Beaded Jewelry includes 50 projects plus variations in designer Heidi Boyd's simply elegant signature style. Inside you're bound to find plenty of designs to strike your fancy as well as a helpful section that shows you the basic supplies and techniques you'll need to get started. As an added bonus, many of the projects have variations in different colors and styles to help you customize your jewelry to your personal style. Just think how proud you'll feel the first time you can answer, I made it myself to a compliment on your fabulous new multistrand necklace or your sparkling, swingy crystal earrings. With Simply Beautiful Beaded Jewelry, it truly is easy to get started in no time at all you'll be showcasing your own original beaded creations and making them as gifts."
"Always Enough God's Miraculous Provision Among the Poorest Children on Earth by Heidi Baker Rolland Baker. Even the most desperate poverty, the most devastating illness, the most heart wrenching grief is not beyond God's help. His love and power have no limits and that's a message readers from all walks of life need to hear. The modern miracles that Rolland and Heidi Baker experience every day in their work with Mozambique's throwaway children, movingly chronicled in Always Enough, will inspire anyone looking for hope in the midst of suffering. The Bakers, formerly missionaries in Indonesia and Hong Kong, share how their work for the past eight years in Mozambique, one of the poorest nations on earth, has borne spiritual fruit beyond their wildest dreams. Every day presents multiple impossible needs. But in the face of everything Satan can do, as Rolland and Heidi lay down their lives and minister to the one, there is always enough. Readers will discover that the simple practice of choosing to step out and trust God every day unleashes his provision for every need."
"Mapping the Big Picture Integrating Curriculum Assessment K 12 by Heidi Hayes Jacobs. Discover how to use curriculum maps to identify repetitions in the curriculum, integrate subjects, and match assessments to content and performance standards."
Heidi Heidi 1 2 by Johanna Spyri Beverly Cleary Angelo Rinaldi. No description available
Getting Results with Curriculum Mapping by Heidi Hayes Jacobs. Teachers and administrators offer concrete advice on how to get the most out of curriculum mapping in districts and schools.
"There's Always Enough The Miraculous Move of God in Mozambique by Rolland Baker Heidi Baker. Tells the story of an adventure that began when the authors, founders of IRIS Ministries, and both natives of California, USA, answered God's call to minister to the poorest of the poor."
"What to Expect the First Year What to Expect by Heidi Murkoff Sharon Mazel Arlene Eisenberg Sandee Hathaway Mark D. Widome. With over 7 million copies sold worldwide, WHAT TO EXPECT THE 1st YEAR is one of the world's bestselling books on infant care and it has now been updated and revised throughout by Heidi Murkoff. This comprehensive and practical month by month guide clearly explains everything parents need to know or might be worrying about in the first year with a new baby. The book covers monthly growth and development, feeding for every age and stage, and sleep strategies that really work. It is filled with the most practical tips how to give a bath, decode your baby's crying, what to buy for baby, and when to return to work and the most up to date medical advice the latest on vaccines, vitamins, illnesses, SIDS, safety, and more . Featuring dozens of Q A sections, as well as a first aid guide and charts on monthly growth and development, feeding and sleeping habits, this is the only book on infant care to address both the physical and the emotional needs of the whole family. Covering the most up to date knowledge, both medical and developmental, WHAT TO EXPECT THE 1st YEAR is, above all, down to earth and reassuring and an invaluable aid for all parents of new babies."
The Player's Handbook The Ultimate Guide on Dating and Relationships by Heidi Fleiss Libby Keatinge. No description available
"Simply Beautiful Beading 53 Quick and Easy Projects by Heidi Boyd. Presents full color illustrated instructions for making fifty three simple projects for jewelry, accessories, and home decor including modern glass bead chokers, charm bracelets, candle holder, and more."
"God Emperor of Dune Dune Chronicles 4 by Frank Herbert. Book Four in the Magnificent Dune Chronicles the Bestselling Science Fiction Adventure of All Time Millennia have passed on Arrakis, and the once desert planet is green with life. Leto Atreides, the son of the world s savior, the Emperor Paul Muad Dib, is still alive but far from human. To preserve humanity s future, he sacrificed his own by merging with a sandworm, granting him near immortality as God Emperor of Dune for the past thirty five hundred years. Leto s rule is not a benevolent one. His transformation has made not only his appearance but his morality inhuman. A rebellion, led by Siona, a member of the Atreides family, has risen to oppose the despot s rule. But Siona is unaware that Leto s vision of a Golden Path for humanity requires her to fulfill a destiny she never wanted or could possibly conceive...."
"Chapterhouse Dune Dune Chronicles 6 by Frank Herbert. Frank Herbert's Final Novel in the Magnificent Dune Chronicles the Bestselling Science Fiction Adventure of All Time The desert planet Arrakis, called Dune, has been destroyed. The remnants of the Old Empire have been consumed by the violent matriarchal cult known as the Honored Matres. Only one faction remains a viable threat to their total conquest the Bene Gesserit, heirs to Dune s power. Under the leadership of Mother Superior Darwi Odrade, the Bene Gesserit have colonized a green world on the planet Chapterhouse and are turning it into a desert, mile by scorched mile. And once they ve mastered breeding sandworms, the Sisterhood will control the production of the greatest commodity in the known galaxy the spice melange. But their true weapon remains a man who has lived countless lifetimes a man who served under the God Emperor Paul Muad Dib...."
"Dune Messiah Dune Chronicles 2 by Frank Herbert. Book Two in the Magnificent Dune Chronicles the Bestselling Science Fiction Adventure of All Time Dune Messiah continues the story of Paul Atreides, better known and feared as the man christened Muad Dib. As Emperor of the known universe, he possesses more power than a single man was ever meant to wield. Worshipped as a religious icon by the fanatical Fremen, Paul faces the enmity of the political houses he displaced when he assumed the throne and a conspiracy conducted within his own sphere of influence. And even as House Atreides begins to crumble around him from the machinations of his enemies, the true threat to Paul comes to his lover, Chani, and the unborn heir to his family s dynasty..."
"Dreamer of Dune The Biography of Frank Herbert by Brian Herbert. A biography of the science fiction writer, presented by his son, describes Herbert's childhood in Tacoma, Washington, his early years as a reporter and editor, his military service, and his struggles to become published."
"Heretics of Dune Dune Chronicles 5 by Frank Herbert. Book Five in the Magnificent Dune Chronicles the Bestselling Science Fiction Adventure of All Time Leto Atreides, the God Emperor of Dune, is dead. In the fifteen hundred years since his passing, the Empire has fallen into ruin. The great Scattering saw millions abandon the crumbling civilization and spread out beyond the reaches of known space. The planet Arrakis now called Rakis has reverted to its desert climate, and its great sandworms are dying. Now the Lost Ones are returning home in pursuit of power. And as these factions vie for control over the remnants of the Empire, a girl named Sheeana rises to prominence in the wastelands of Rakis, sending religious fervor throughout the galaxy. For she possesses the abilities of the Fremen sandriders fulfilling a prophecy foretold by the late God Emperor...."
"The Road to Dune by Frank Herbert Brian Herbert Kevin J. Anderson. This companion to Frank Herbert's New York Times bestselling classic includes never before published chapters from Dune and Dune Messiah, original stories, and a brand new novel by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson."
"Heretics of Dune Dune Chronicles 5 by Frank Herbert. Book Five in the Magnificent Dune Chronicles the Bestselling Science Fiction Adventure of All Time Leto Atreides, the God Emperor of Dune, is dead. In the fifteen hundred years since his passing, the Empire has fallen into ruin. The great Scattering saw millions abandon the crumbling civilization and spread out beyond the reaches of known space. The planet Arrakis now called Rakis has reverted to its desert climate, and its great sandworms are dying. Now the Lost Ones are returning home in pursuit of power. And as these factions vie for control over the remnants of the Empire, a girl named Sheeana rises to prominence in the wastelands of Rakis, sending religious fervor throughout the galaxy. For she possesses the abilities of the Fremen sandriders fulfilling a prophecy foretold by the late God Emperor...."
"The Lord of the Rings The Art of the Fellowship of the Ring by Gary Russell. With complete access to artwork created over a five year period, this book illustrates the creative development of the movie The Fellowship of the Ring. This official book contains over 500 images from the earliest pencil sketches and conceptual drawings to paintings that shaped the look of the film. Contributing artists include John Howe and Alan Lee artists that have inspired Peter Jackson's vision of Middle earth and worked with him to bring the trilogy to the big screen. Peter Jackson is among 12 contributors who explain the background to the images. The book covers the opening sequence, locations, costumes, armoury and creatures. The artists who created these diverse elements explain how they contributed to the development of the film. There are also photographs showing the realisation of the creative process and some stills from the film."
"The Power of One The Power of One 1 by Bryce Courtenay. The Power of One More A Comprehensive Summary You're just one deliberate thought and action away from living your best life. Control refers to how much you believe you have command over your life, especially your emotions and sense of purpose. Your self esteem might be considered the control component. The amount of your attention and dependability is defined by commitment. To score well on the Commitment scale, you must be able to create and execute goals regularly without becoming distracted. A high degree of commitment suggests that you're skilled at creating successful routines and habits. If you score low on the Commitment scale, you may find it challenging to develop and prioritize goals, as well as to adapt successful routines and habits. Other individuals or competing priorities may also easily distract you. The Resilience portion of the Mental Toughness definition is represented by the Control and Commitment measures. This makes sense since being able to bounce back from failures necessitates a sense of control over one's life and the ability to make changes. It also necessitates concentration and the capacity to form habits and set goals that will help you return to your chosen route. This metric measures how motivated and flexible you are. A high Challenge score indicates that you are motivated to accomplish your own best and that you view difficulties, change, and adversity as opportunities rather than threats you are also likely to be adaptable and flexible. If you score low on the Challenge scale, you may perceive change as a danger and avoid unusual or challenging circumstances for fear of failing. To be continued... Here is a Preview of What You Will Get A Detailed Introduction A Comprehensive Chapter by Chapter Summary Etc Get a copy of this summary and learn about the book."
"The Power of One One Person One Rule One Month by John C. Maxwell Stephen R. Graves Thomas G. Addington. This 30 day companion workbook explores one simple idea if you faithfully follow the Golden Rule for 30 days, your business, community, and family every relationship in your life, in fact can be transformed."
"Power of an Hour Business and Life Mastery in One Hour a Week by Dave Lakhani. Praise for The Power of an Hour The master at getting what you want from others now tells us how to get what we want from ourselves! This is really a great book, and I recommend it highly for you, for your team, and for your children. Bob Burg, author, Endless Referrals If you want to make predictable, systematic change in your life or your business, buy this book. Each chapter is a stand alone system that results in powerful change . . . fast. David Hancock, The Entrepreneurial Publisher, CEO, Morgan James Publishing Dave's methods helped me take my business from 0 to 10 million in sales.If you're a creative business owner who wants total focus and massive success, run, don't walk, and get this book! Stephanie Frank, author, The Accidental Millionaire The Power of an Hour is a mighty powerful way to sort out your financesby first sorting out yourself! Mark Joyner, 1 bestselling author, The Irresistible Offer The disease of the twenty first century, no matter who you are or what you do,is Time Deficit Disorder. Dave Lakhani offers a brilliant solution in this book.Get it and take the cure you'll be surprised how much better you feel! David Garfinkel, author, Customers on Demand"
"The Power of One The Solo Play for Playwrights Actors and Directors by Louis E. Catron. This book demonstrates techniques of writing, acting, and directing that encourage the reader to create a personal theatrical experience."
"How to Buy Sell Profit on eBay Kick Start Your Home Based Business in Just Thirty Days by Adam Ginsberg. Don't make another purchase before you buy this ultimate buyer's guide. With more than 550 how to solutions, these pages are packed with savvy strategies for choosing and locating and unloading and liquidating both everyday items and once in a lifetime splurges, with special emphasis on how to find bargains and broker great deals. The clear and friendly information in How to Buy Sell Just About Everything makes any buying or selling decision easy, from selecting baby gear to saving for college, from hawking lemonade to selling your company. Browse these pages to discover how to Buy a House Sell a Car Buy Happiness Sell Your Old Computer Hire a Butler Choose a Diamond Ring Purchase a Tent Get Breast Implants Negotiate a Better Credit Card Rate Buy a Hot Dog Stand Sell Your Stamp Collection Book a Cheap Safari Choosing a Thoroughbred Racehorse Sell Yourself to the Devil Buy a Television Channel Donate a Computer Sell Your Novel Start a Bed and Breakfast ... and much, much more. Written and designed in the same easy to use format as its predecessor, How to Just About Everything, this invaluable collection includes concise instructions, helpfu"
"eBay for Dummies by Marsha Collier. Presents a guide to the online auction house explaining how to buy and sell online, submit winning bids, and effectively market items for sale."
"What to Sell on ebay and Where to Get It The Definitive Guide to Product Sourcing for eBay and Beyond by Chris Malta Lisa Suttora. If you want to build a profitable and consistent eBay business, you need to start with strategic product sourcing. What to Sell on eBay and Where to Get It reveals the same techniques used by the most successful e commerce entrepreneurs and by major retail chains to determine what products will sell well and which suppliers will deliver those products for the best price. Learn to generate product ideas, research your markets, diversify your product line, and build a direct supply of inventory. Using the proven strategies in this book, you ll be able to find the products that will fuel your business for the long term and skyrocket your sales!"
"Starting an eBay Business for Dummies by Marsha Collier. The gold standard for eBay users who want to get serious about selling Want to turn your eBay use into a steady revenue stream? Come to where everyone starts, with a copy of the latest edition of Starting an eBay Business For Dummies. EBay superstar author Marsha Collier packs the fourth edition of her mega selling book with everything you need to know, from how to tap the explosive power of social media for promoting your business to the very latest on eBay?s fees and payment structure, how to maintain your own customer service center, ways to build an audience, and much more. Shows you how to lay the foundation for a business by setting up a store and reviews legal requirements and restrictions Helps you price and source your merchandise Explores how to attract an audience using social media through your own site Gives you a quick MBA in budgeting, money transactions, customer service, shipping, and more Offers insight on other sellers who have been successful on eBay and what you can learn from them Kick start your eBay business and get profitable with this must have guide from eBay superstar Marsha Collier."
"eBay Top 100 Simplified Tips Tricks by Julia Wilkinson. Providing adventurous users with 100 useful and surprising techniques, this book is the ideal resource to help readers become even more profitable users of eBay, the world's largest online marketplace. Organized into ten chapters, with ten tasks per chapter, this book provides the timesaving tips, cool secrets, and insider tricks to help take readers' knowledge of eBay beyond the basics. Readers discover how to take better pictures to help sell items, write stellar marketing copy to get those items sold faster and decrease questions from bidders, and find out the best time to start and end an auction to guarantee success."
"ebay Timesaving Techniques for Dummies by Marsha Collier. So, you ve gotten started on eBay. You ve made a few purchases and your first sale. You may have even built a moneymaking business. Now you re looking for ways to ratchet things up. You re looking for the insider tips and tricks for the easiest ways to take care of listing items, completing transactions, and keeping good records and you don't have the time to do all the research. eBay Timesaving Techniques For Dummies is the book for you. Marsha Collier, an eBay University instructor and best selling author of eBay For Dummies and Starting an eBay Business For Dummies, has collected the fastest and most effective techniques for finding items to sell, setting up your sales pages, pricing items to move, getting the word out about your business, collecting payments, shipping your item, and taking care of all the paperwork. Time is money after all. So why waste time when you can be making money on eBay. This book contains over 60 step by step techniques proven to add efficiency to your eBay operation. Includes coverage of Finding sources for merchandise to sell on eBay Setting attractive prices and shipping costs Handling multiple sales without losing your cool Prettying up your auctions with digital photo and HTML tricks Tracking payments and shipments and keeping your customers happy Working with PayPal, both on and off of eBay Enhancing your status in the eBay community Simplifying your bookkeeping Creating marketing, merchandising, and advertising plans Solving problems quickly when they occur"
"eBay Business All in One Desk Reference for Dummies by Marsha Collier. Bestselling author Marsha Collier presents readers with an all new guide that goes beyond all previous eBay business books, offering one stop guidance on eBay techniques as well as entrepreneurial fundamentals. She provides in depth coverage on the most critical eBay topics, including merchandise sourcing, marketing, advertising, and customer service. The minibooks that make up the guide cover eBay registration, navigation, and buying getting ready to sell digital photography and scanning for sales pages eBay selling and marketing getting legal and licensed using auction management software setting up an office PCs, Internet, networking, and shipping and PayPal. Marsha Collier's eBay books have sold hundreds of thousands of copies and her Starting an eBay Business For Dummies is currently the bestselling eBay reference on the market This one stop reference examines not only eBay techniques and issues, but also the basic business strategies that people need to run any successful venture"
"Ruby Cookbook by Lucas Carlson Leonard Richardson. Do you want to push Ruby to its limits? The Ruby Cookbook is the most comprehensive problem solving guide to today's hottest programming language. It gives you hundreds of solutions to real world problems, with clear explanations and thousands of lines of code you can use in your own projects. From data structures and algorithms, to integration with cutting edge technologies, the Ruby Cookbook has something for every programmer. Beginners and advanced Rubyists alike will learn how to program with Strings and numbers Arrays and hashes Classes, modules, and namespaces Reflection and metaprogramming XML and HTML processing Ruby on Rails including Ajax integration Databases Graphics Internet services like email, SSH, and BitTorrent Web services Multitasking Graphical and terminal interfaces If you need to write a web application, this book shows you how to get started with Rails. If you're a system administrator who needs to rename thousands of files, you'll see how to use Ruby for this and other everyday tasks. You'll learn how to read and write Excel spreadsheets, classify text with Bayesian filters, and create PDF files. We've even included a few silly tricks that were too cool to leave out, like how to blink the lights on your keyboard. The Ruby Cookbook is the most useful book yet written about Ruby. When you need to solve a problem, don't reinvent the wheel look it up in the Cookbook."
"Ruby Ann's Down Home Trailer Park Cookbook by Ruby Ann Boxcar. The success of Ruby Ann's regular newspaper column, Trailer Talk, a fictional but familiar look at the lots of the High Chaparral Trailer Park, led to the publication of this hilarious cookbook, in which each High Chaparral resident has his or her own story to tell, along with juicy gossip, a special photo, and of course, finger lickin' and cheap recipes. Features over 200 classic trailer park fixings, from Spam Rolls to Mayonnaise Cake to Homemade Grape Soda, and everything in between, each personally tested by Ruby Ann in the kitchen of her double wide."
"Ruby Ann's Down Home Trailer Park BBQin' Cookbook by Ruby Ann Boxcar. Discusses techniques, tools, and terms of barbecue cooking, and offers trailer decoration advice and recipes for dishes including Baptist burgers, ambrosia pound cake, and Dr Pepper BBQ sauce."
"Rails Cookbook Recipes for Rapid Web Development with Ruby by Rob Orsini. Rails Cookbook is packed with the solutions you need to be a proficient developer with Rails, the leading framework for building the new generation of Web 2.0 applications. Recipes range from the basics, like installing Rails and setting up your development environment, to the latest techniques, such as developing RESTful web services. With applications that are code light, feature full and built to scale quickly, Rails has revolutionized web development. The Rails Cookbook addresses scores of real world challenges each one includes a tested solution, plus a discussion of how and why it works, so that you can adapt the techniques to similar situations. Topics include Modeling data with the ActiveRecord library Setting up views with ActionView and RHTML templates Building your application's logic into ActionController Testing and debugging your Rails application Building responsive web applications using JavaScript and Ajax Ensuring that your application is security and performs well Deploying your application with Mongrel and Apache Using Capistrano to automate deployment Using the many Rails plugins Working with graphics Whether you're new to Rails or an experienced developer, you'll discover ways to test, debug and secure your applications, incorporate Ajax, use caching to improve performance, and put your application into production. Want to get ahead of the Web 2.0 curve? This valuable cookbook will save you hundreds of hours when developing applications with Rails."
"Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy Richard Pevear Larissa Volokhonsky. Love... it means too much to me, far more than you can understand. At its simplest, Anna Karenina is a love story. It is a portrait of a beautiful and intelligent woman whose passionate love for a handsome officer sweeps aside all other ties to her marriage and to the network of relationships and moral values that bind the society around her. The love affair of Anna and Vronsky is played out alongside the developing romance of Kitty and Levin, and in the character of Levin, closely based on Tolstoy himself, the search for happiness takes on a deeper philosophical significance. One of the greatest novels ever written, Anna Karenina combines penetrating psychological insight with an encyclopedic depiction of Russian life in the 1870s. The novel takes us from high society St Petersburg to the threshing fields on Levin's estate, with unforgettable scenes at a Moscow ballroom, the skating rink, a race course, a railway station. It creates an intricate labyrinth of connections that is profoundly satisfying, and deeply moving. Rosamund Bartlett's translation conveys Tolstoy's precision of meaning and emotional accuracy in an English version that is highly readable and stylistically faithful. Like her acclaimed biography of Tolstoy, it is vivid, nuanced, and compelling."
"Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy David Magarshack Priscilla Meyer. Love... it means too much to me, far more than you can understand. At its simplest, Anna Karenina is a love story. It is a portrait of a beautiful and intelligent woman whose passionate love for a handsome officer sweeps aside all other ties to her marriage and to the network of relationships and moral values that bind the society around her. The love affair of Anna and Vronsky is played out alongside the developing romance of Kitty and Levin, and in the character of Levin, closely based on Tolstoy himself, the search for happiness takes on a deeper philosophical significance. One of the greatest novels ever written, Anna Karenina combines penetrating psychological insight with an encyclopedic depiction of Russian life in the 1870s. The novel takes us from high society St Petersburg to the threshing fields on Levin's estate, with unforgettable scenes at a Moscow ballroom, the skating rink, a race course, a railway station. It creates an intricate labyrinth of connections that is profoundly satisfying, and deeply moving. Rosamund Bartlett's translation conveys Tolstoy's precision of meaning and emotional accuracy in an English version that is highly readable and stylistically faithful. Like her acclaimed biography of Tolstoy, it is vivid, nuanced, and compelling."
"Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy Richard Pevear Larissa Volokhonsky John Bayley. Love... it means too much to me, far more than you can understand. At its simplest, Anna Karenina is a love story. It is a portrait of a beautiful and intelligent woman whose passionate love for a handsome officer sweeps aside all other ties to her marriage and to the network of relationships and moral values that bind the society around her. The love affair of Anna and Vronsky is played out alongside the developing romance of Kitty and Levin, and in the character of Levin, closely based on Tolstoy himself, the search for happiness takes on a deeper philosophical significance. One of the greatest novels ever written, Anna Karenina combines penetrating psychological insight with an encyclopedic depiction of Russian life in the 1870s. The novel takes us from high society St Petersburg to the threshing fields on Levin's estate, with unforgettable scenes at a Moscow ballroom, the skating rink, a race course, a railway station. It creates an intricate labyrinth of connections that is profoundly satisfying, and deeply moving. Rosamund Bartlett's translation conveys Tolstoy's precision of meaning and emotional accuracy in an English version that is highly readable and stylistically faithful. Like her acclaimed biography of Tolstoy, it is vivid, nuanced, and compelling."
"CliffsNotes on Tolstoy's Anna Karenina by Marianne Sturman Leo Tolstoy. The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. CliffsNotes on Anna Karenina delves into the complex web of relationships in Tolstoy s epic novel. As the characters unfold, this novel draws you into the lives of Karenin, Anna, and others as they struggle through the seemingly hopeless marriage patterns of urban society. Do romantic relationships make us stronger or weaker as individuals? With insights into the characters of Anna Karenina, as well as information about Tolstoy s own life and background, this study guide will help you get the most out of this classic novel. Other features that help you study include A character list that reveals names, traits, and key relationships Summaries and commentaries on each chapter Critical essays In depth character analyses Analysis of major themes Review questions and suggested writing topics Classic literature or modern modern day treasure you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
"Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy Amy Mandelker Constance Garnett. Love... it means too much to me, far more than you can understand. At its simplest, Anna Karenina is a love story. It is a portrait of a beautiful and intelligent woman whose passionate love for a handsome officer sweeps aside all other ties to her marriage and to the network of relationships and moral values that bind the society around her. The love affair of Anna and Vronsky is played out alongside the developing romance of Kitty and Levin, and in the character of Levin, closely based on Tolstoy himself, the search for happiness takes on a deeper philosophical significance. One of the greatest novels ever written, Anna Karenina combines penetrating psychological insight with an encyclopedic depiction of Russian life in the 1870s. The novel takes us from high society St Petersburg to the threshing fields on Levin's estate, with unforgettable scenes at a Moscow ballroom, the skating rink, a race course, a railway station. It creates an intricate labyrinth of connections that is profoundly satisfying, and deeply moving. Rosamund Bartlett's translation conveys Tolstoy's precision of meaning and emotional accuracy in an English version that is highly readable and stylistically faithful. Like her acclaimed biography of Tolstoy, it is vivid, nuanced, and compelling."
"Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy Louise Maude Aylmer Maude. Love... it means too much to me, far more than you can understand. At its simplest, Anna Karenina is a love story. It is a portrait of a beautiful and intelligent woman whose passionate love for a handsome officer sweeps aside all other ties to her marriage and to the network of relationships and moral values that bind the society around her. The love affair of Anna and Vronsky is played out alongside the developing romance of Kitty and Levin, and in the character of Levin, closely based on Tolstoy himself, the search for happiness takes on a deeper philosophical significance. One of the greatest novels ever written, Anna Karenina combines penetrating psychological insight with an encyclopedic depiction of Russian life in the 1870s. The novel takes us from high society St Petersburg to the threshing fields on Levin's estate, with unforgettable scenes at a Moscow ballroom, the skating rink, a race course, a railway station. It creates an intricate labyrinth of connections that is profoundly satisfying, and deeply moving. Rosamund Bartlett's translation conveys Tolstoy's precision of meaning and emotional accuracy in an English version that is highly readable and stylistically faithful. Like her acclaimed biography of Tolstoy, it is vivid, nuanced, and compelling."
"Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy Constance Garnett Amy Mandelker. Love... it means too much to me, far more than you can understand. At its simplest, Anna Karenina is a love story. It is a portrait of a beautiful and intelligent woman whose passionate love for a handsome officer sweeps aside all other ties to her marriage and to the network of relationships and moral values that bind the society around her. The love affair of Anna and Vronsky is played out alongside the developing romance of Kitty and Levin, and in the character of Levin, closely based on Tolstoy himself, the search for happiness takes on a deeper philosophical significance. One of the greatest novels ever written, Anna Karenina combines penetrating psychological insight with an encyclopedic depiction of Russian life in the 1870s. The novel takes us from high society St Petersburg to the threshing fields on Levin's estate, with unforgettable scenes at a Moscow ballroom, the skating rink, a race course, a railway station. It creates an intricate labyrinth of connections that is profoundly satisfying, and deeply moving. Rosamund Bartlett's translation conveys Tolstoy's precision of meaning and emotional accuracy in an English version that is highly readable and stylistically faithful. Like her acclaimed biography of Tolstoy, it is vivid, nuanced, and compelling."
"Dinner with Anna Karenina by Gloria Goldreich. Over the course of a year, six very different women gather over food and wine to discuss their favorite novels ... also revealing long hidden burdens, bitterness and painful truths, trying to find the courage to open new chapters in their lives."
Tolstoy Anna Karenina by Anthony Thorlby. A close reading of this classic novel that explores the subtle psychology in Tolstoy's characterisation.
"Untouchable by Mulk Raj Anand E.M. Forster. Power can be intoxicating Cheating, partying, blackmail and now murder. Can the Billings Girls remain untouchable? Reed's handsome boyfriend, Thomas Pearson, is dead, and no one knows how it happened. When Reed and Thomas's ex roommate, Josh, find themselves alone on campus one weekend, they confront their hidden feelings for each other. But then Josh begins to look like the number one suspect for the murder of Thomas Pearson. Could Reed's perfect life as a Billings Girl be about to crumble? This compelling series full of dark secrets, mystery and satire is a must for fans of Gossip Girl, Pretty Little Liars and Mean Girls?."
"The Untouchable by John Banville. The Untouchables is the gripping true story of the team of men who broke the back of the vicious Chicago crime mob and its stranglehold on the nation, told by the man who orchestrated the effort. Enormously successful as a long running TV series, The Untouchables should leap onto the bestseller lists when released as a major motion picture in June, starring Robert DeNiro and Sean Connery."
"The Untouchables by Eliot Ness Oscar Fraley. The Untouchables is the gripping true story of the team of men who broke the back of the vicious Chicago crime mob and its stranglehold on the nation, told by the man who orchestrated the effort. Enormously successful as a long running TV series, The Untouchables should leap onto the bestseller lists when released as a major motion picture in June, starring Robert DeNiro and Sean Connery."
"Untouchables My Family's Triumphant Journey Out of the Caste System in Modern India by Narendra Jadhav. In the tradition of Kaffir Boy, this international bestseller captures the life of India's villages and Bombay's slums with an anthropologist's precision and a novelist's humanity Asia Times ."
"Dalit The Black Untaouchables of India by V.T. Rajshekar Y.N. Kly. Every hour two Darts are assaulted. Every day three Dalit women are raped, two Dalits are murdered, two Dalit houses are burnt . Human Rights Education Movement in India"
"Growing Up Untouchable in India A Dalit Autobiography by Vasant Moon Gail Omvedt Eleanor Zelliot. Translated from the Marathi by Gail Omvedt, Growing Up Untouchable in India is the first Dalit autobiography to be published in English. Moon s story is about his vasti, or neighborhood, and a community of people considered to be at the bottom of the caste hierarchy. It reveals a complex yet rich slum culture where Dalits are not seen merely as victims but as a community with strong bonds, striving and struggling to shed their sense of inferiority. The book provides an insider s insight into the struggles, pain, joys, and victories of people in the vasti where Moon grew up. Though this is the story of Moon s life, it develops into a rich narrative about the social and political history of the time. The story of an individual and a community has been woven into the larger realm of Indian politics, providing the readers a rare view of the events that led up to Independence."
"The Evidence Based Social Work Skills Book by Barry R. Cournoyer. During the 21st Century, social workers will increasingly use evidence based knowledge to plan, implement, and evaluate the quality of their own professional activities. This book explores the skills needed for evidence based social work EBSW . This book emphasizes the importance of applied practice, critical thinking, and self directed lifelong learning. Readers will learn the fundamentals of the EBSW skills, practice them to establish beginning proficiency, and then apply them to a target client group of their choosing. Social workers and anyone interested in practicing evidence based social work."
"A Wrinkle in Time A Guide for Using A Wrinkle in Time in the Classroom by John Carratello Patty Carratello Theresa Wright. Teaching literature unit based on the popular children's story, A wrinkle in time."
"Wrinkles in Time by George Smoot Keay Davidson. Astrophysicist George Smoot spent decades pursuing the origin of the cosmos, the holy grail of science, a relentless hunt that led him from the rain forests of Brazil to the frozen wastes of Antarctica. In his search he struggled against time, the elements, and the forces of ignorance and bureaucratic insanity. Finally, after years of research, Smoot and his dedicated team of Berkeley researchers succeeded in proving the unprovable uncovering, inarguably and for all time, the secrets of the creation of the universe. Wrinkles in Time describes this startling discovery that would usher in a new scientific age and win Smoot the Nobel Prize in Physics."
"A Wrinkle in Time With Related Readings A Wrinkle in Time Quintet 1 by Madeleine L'Engle. Given his lifetime assignment at the Ceremony of Twelve, Jonas becomes the Receiver of Memories, a position shared by only one other in his community, and discovers the terrible truth about the society in which he lives."
"Literature Circle Guide A Wrinkle in Time by Tara MacCarthy. A literature circle guide to Walk Two Moons for students in grades four through eight, featuring a summary of the story, information about author Sharon Creech, enrichment readings, and group discussion and journal writing prompts."
Una arruga en el tiempo A Wrinkle in Time by Madeleine L'Engle. Suggests activities to be used in the classroom to accompany the reading of A Wrinkle in time by Madeleine L'Engle.
"The Long Shadow The Morland Dynasty 6 by Cynthia Harrod Eagles. 1670 King Charles II's reign has brought peace and prosperity to the Morland family, but James II's ascent to the throne will shatter their restored fortunes. In Yorkshire, Morland Place has flourished during the Restoration, and in London the beautiful and sprited Annunciata, is now Countess of Chelmsford, a wealthy and well connected woman, intimate with the Royal Family. But storm clouds gather over them all when the reign of James II brings rebellion and discord. Trouble is never far from Annunciata in these turbulent times. Jealousy, betrayal and violent death threaten her children, and for Annunciata herself comes the anguish of love lived in the long shadow of secrecy, a love that can only lead to tragedy."
"A Long Shadow Inspector Ian Rutledge 8 by Charles Todd. It's New Year's Eve, 1919. Scotland Yard Inspector Ian Rutledge has accompanied his sister to the home of mutual friends for dinner but gets a call from the office and has to leave. On the steps outside, he sees a brass cartridge casing, like countless others he's seen during the war. But this one has an engraving in the metal. Curious, he pockets it. Soon after, Rutledge is on the southern coast of England helping the local police capture a murderer. Work done, on a whim he drives along the cliffs overlooking the Atlantic and takes a walk out on the headland. Returning to his car, he finds another engraved cartridge casing on the driver's seat. He's been followed. The cartridge casing seems to point to the war and unfinished business there. To stay alive in the face of an unknown and unseen adversary, Rutledge is pressed to the limits of his skills. He's the prey. But who is the hunter?"
"Long Way Round Chasing Shadows Across the World by Ewan McGregor Charley Boorman Robert Uhlig. 'A highly readable and spiritually uplifting book about a dream come true' Wanderlust 'Touching and memorable ... one for armchair travellers and bike freaks' Daily Mail From London to New York, Ewan and Charley chased their shadows through Europe, the Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Mongolia and Russia, across the Pacific to Alaska, then down through Canada and America. But as the miles slipped beneath the tyres of their big BMWs, their troubles started. Exhaustion, injury and accidents tested their strength. Treacherous roads, unpredictable weather and turbulent politics challenged their stamina. They were chased by paparazzi in Kazakhstan, courted by men with very large guns in the Ukraine, hassled by the police, and given bulls' testicles for supper by Mongolian nomads. And yet despite all these obstacles they managed to ride more than twenty thousand miles in four months, changing their lives forever in the process. As they travelled they documented their trip, taking photographs, and writing diaries by the campfire. Long Way Round is the result of their adventures a fascinating, frank and highly entertaining travel book about two friends riding round the world together and, against all the odds, realising their dream."
"A Shadow in Summer Long Price Quartet 1 by Daniel Abraham. The powerful city state of Saraykeht is a bastion of peace and culture, a major center of commerce and trade. Its economy depends on the power of the captive spirit, Seedless, an andat bound to the poet sorcerer Heshai for life. Enter the Galts, a juggernaut of an empire committed to laying waste to all lands with their ferocious army. Saraykeht, though, has always been too strong for the Galts to attack, but now they see an opportunity. If they can dispose of Heshai, Seedless's bonded poet sorcerer, Seedless will perish and the entire city will fall. With secret forces inside the city, the Galts prepare to enact their terrible plan. In the middle is Otah, a simple laborer with a complex past. Recruited to act as a bodyguard for his girlfriend's boss at a secret meeting, he inadvertently learns of the Galtish plot. Otah finds himself as the sole hope of Saraykeht, either he stops the Galts, or the whole city and everyone in it perishes forever."
New Hope for the Dead Hoke Mosely 2 by Charles Willeford James Lee Burke. 'No one writes a better crime novel than Charles Willeford' Elmore Leonard
Sideswipe A Hoke Moseley Novel by Charles Willeford Lawrence Block. 'No one writes a better crime novel than Charles Willeford' Elmore Leonard
Miami Blues Hoke Moseley 1 by Charles Willeford Elmore Leonard. 'No one writes a better crime novel than Charles Willeford' Elmore Leonard
The Burnt Orange Heresy Vintage Crime Black Lizard by Charles Willeford. No description available
"I am Charlotte Simmons by Tom Wolfe. At Dupont University, an innocent college freshman named Charlotte Simmons learns that her intellect alone will not help her survive."
"Poetry for Young People Edward Lear by Edward Lear Laura Huliska Beith Edward Mendelson. Huliska Beith s smiling, rubber limbed figures dance through vertiginously tilted, brightly colored minimalist settings As a presentation of Lear s better known poems, this makes a thoughtand laughprovoking bridge. Booklist"
"The Puffin Book of Nonsense Verse by Quentin Blake. Ever eaten Poodle Strudel? Slain a Jabberwock? Bathed in Irish Stew? Quentin Blake is one of the best loved of children s illustrators. In this brilliant book he has selected and illustrated his favourite comic verse, making it pure entertainment for nonsense lovers of all ages. His unique style of drawing brings a new perspective to every poem. Classic writers such as Lewis Carroll and Edward Lear are combined with more contemporary talents such as Roger McGough, Margaret Mahy and Russell Hoban. With fifteen wonderfully absurd sections, including Distracting Creatures, Sticky Ends, I Wish I Were a Jelly Fish, A Recipe for Indigestion and Chortling and Galumphing, here is a delightful collection of the topsy turvy, the fantastical, the anarchic, the illogical and the utterly wonderful."
"Henry Miller on Writing by Henry Miller Thomas H. Moore. Some of the most rewarding pages in Henry Miller's books concern his self education as a writer. He tells, as few great writers ever have, how he set his goals, how he discovered the excitement of using words, how the books he read influenced him, and how he learned to draw on his own experience."
"Quiet Days in Clichy by Henry Miller. Exposing the underbelly of Paris and its world of sex, prostitutes and destitution. This groundbreaking narrative, has outlived its contemporary accusations of obscenity, demonstrating that stylistically and socially Henry Miller was ahead of his time."
Tropic of Cancer by Henry Miller Ji N l. The account of a young writer and his friends in free wheeling Paris.
Tropic of Capricorn by Henry Miller. No description available
Nexus The Rosy Crucifixion 3 by Henry Miller. No description available
Sexus The Rosy Crucifixion 1 by Henry Miller. The first book of a trilogy of novels known collectively as The Rosy Crucifixion. It is autobiographical and tells the story of Miller's first tempestuous marriage and his relentless sexual exploits in New York. The other books are Plexus and Nexus.
The Air Conditioned Nightmare by Henry Miller. No description available
The Portrait of a Lady by Henry James Patricia Crick. No description available
The Portrait of a Lady by Henry James Gabriel Brownstein Mary Cregan. No description available
"Writing by Marguerite Duras. CELEBRATING 50 YEARS OF WRITING with fresh testimonials from fellow writers about why they love Stephen King and On Writing and a few new words on the joy of writing from King himself. ONE OF TIME MAGAZINE S TOP 100 NONFICTION BOOKS OF ALL TIME Immensely helpful and illuminating to any aspiring writer, this special edition of Stephen King s critically lauded, million copy bestseller shares the experiences, habits, and convictions that have shaped him and his work. Long live the King hailed Entertainment Weekly upon publication of Stephen King s On Writing. Part memoir, part master class by one of the bestselling authors of all time, this superb volume is a revealing and practical view of the writer s craft, comprising the basic tools of the trade every writer must have. King s advice is grounded in his vivid memories from childhood through his emergence as a writer, from his struggling early career to his widely reported, near fatal accident in 1999 and how the inextricable link between writing and living spurred his recovery. Brilliantly structured, friendly and inspiring, On Writing will empower and entertain everyone who reads it fans, writers, and anyone who loves a great story well told."
"The War by Marguerite Duras Barbara Bray. The vivid voices that speak from these pages are not those of historians or scholars. They are the voices of ordinary men and women who experienced and helped to win the most devastating war in history, in which between 50 and 60 million lives were lost. Focusing on the citizens of four towns Luverne, Minnesota Sacramento, California Waterbury, Connecticut Mobile, Alabama The War follows more than forty people from 1941 to 1945. Woven largely from their memories, the compelling, unflinching narrative unfolds month by bloody month, with the outcome always in doubt. All the iconic events are here, from Pearl Harbor to the liberation of the concentration camps but we also move among prisoners of war and Japanese American internees, defense workers and schoolchildren, and families who struggled simply to stay together while their men were shipped off to Europe, the Pacific, and North Africa. Enriched by maps and hundreds of photographs, including many never published before, this is an intimate, profoundly affecting chronicle of the war that shaped our world. From the Hardcover edition."
"The Ravishing of Lol Stein by Marguerite Duras Richard Seever. The Ravishing of Lol Stein is a haunting early novel by the author of The Lover. Lol Stein is a beautiful young woman, securely married, settled in a comfortable life and a voyeur. Returning with her husband and children to the town where, years before, her fianc had abandoned her for another woman, she is drawn inexorably to recreate that long past tragedy. She arranges a rendezvous for her friend Tatiana and Tatiana s lover. She arranges to spy on them. And then, she goes one step further . . ."
"Love Letters by Kahlil Gibran Suheil Bushrui Salma H. Al Kuzbari. Remember the wonderfully romantic book of love letters that Carrie reads aloud to Big in the recent blockbuster film, Sex and the City? Fans raced to buy copies of their own, only to find out that the beautiful book didn't actually exist. However, since all of the letters referenced in the film did exist, we decided to publish this gorgeous keepsake ourselves. Love Letters of Great Men follows hot on the heels of the film and collects together some of history's most romantic letters from the private papers of Beethoven, Mark Twain, Mozart, and Lord Byron. For some of these great men, love is a delicious poison William Congreve for others, a nice soft wife on a sofa with good fire, books music Charles Darwin . Love can scorch like the heat of the sun Henry VIII , or penetrate the depths of one's heart like a cooling rain Flaubert . Every shade of love is here, from the exquisite eloquence of Oscar Wilde and the simple devotion of Robert Browning, to the wonderfully modern misery of the Roman Pliny the Younger, losing himself in work to forget how much he misses his beloved wife, Calpurnia. Taken together, these letters show that perhaps men haven't changed all that much over the last 2,000 years passion, jealousy, hope and longing still rule their hearts and minds. In an age of e mail and texted i luv u s, this timeless and unique collection reminds us that nothing can compare to the simple joy of sitting down to read a letter from the one you love."
"Kahlil Gibran His Life and World by Jean Gibran Kahlil Gibran. This biography of Kahlil Gibran author of The Prophet and the voice of his Middle Eastern countrymen traces the phenomenon of a first generation immigrant in 20th century American arts and letters. Lebanon, his family's impoverished years in turn of the century Boston, and his eventual friendship with that city's intellectual elite."
The Beloved Reflections on the Path of the Heart by Kahlil Gibran John Walbridge Robin Waterfield. No Marketing Blurb
Jesus the Son of Man by Kahlil Gibran. No description available
The Broken Wings by Kahlil Gibran Anthony Rizcallah Ferris. No description available
Sand and Foam by Kahlil Gibran. No description available
Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson. No description available
Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson Scott McKowen. No description available
Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson N.C. Wyeth Timothy Meis. No description available
Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson Milo Winter. No description available
Treasure Island Great Illustrated Classics by Deidre S. Laiken A.J. McAllister Robert Louis Stevenson. No description available
100 Years of Lynchings by Ralph Ginzburg. No description available
Cien a os de soledad by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. No description available
On Beyond Zebra! by Dr. Seuss. No description available
The Wedding Clause by Debbie Raleigh. No description available
The Zebra Wall by Kevin Henkes. No description available
El perfume Historia de un asesino by Patrick S skind. No description available
The Door Into Summer by Robert A. Heinlein. No description available
Stranger in a Strange Land by Robert A. Heinlein. No description available
"To Sail Beyond the Sunset by Robert A. Heinlein. As one who loves to travel, for me one thing has always been of prime importance. I cannot write about a place unless I am moved by it, either because of memories or interesting legends associated with the place or something I feel to be significant. In some cases hot tourist spots leave me cold while a neglected corner makes me feel that it is well worth writing about. To Sail beyond the Sunset consists of 12 write ups about places I have visited and loved. It is in 2 parts. The first is about places outside India while part II speaks of places in India. They describe my personal impressions and feelings and do not claim to be an all inclusive fact file. But I sincerely hope that if my stories interest my readers they will visit the places and find out whatever else I may have left out."
Job A Comedy of Justice by Robert A. Heinlein. No description available
"Time for the Stars Heinlein's Juveniles 10 by Robert A. Heinlein. For a telepathic twin on an exploratory space voyage only a few years pass, yet, when he returns to Earth his brother is ready to celebrate his ninetieth birthday."
"The Long Dark Tea Time of the Soul Dirk Gently 2 by Douglas Adams. Detective Dirk Gently investigates after a passenger at Heathrow airport erupts into a mysterious ball of flames. Mystery, hilarity, and the fantastical are combined in this title from the author of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series. HPL Readers Advisor."
"The Salmon of Doubt Dirk Gently 3 by Douglas Adams. A fitting eulogy to the master of wacky words and even wackier tales . . . Salmon leaves no doubt as to Adams s lasting legacy. Entertainment Weekly With an introduction to the introduction by Terry Jones Douglas Adams changed the face of science fiction with his cosmically comic novel The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy and its classic sequels. Sadly for his countless admirers, he hitched his own ride to the great beyond much too soon. Culled posthumously from Adams s fleet of beloved Macintosh computers, this selection of essays, articles, anecdotes, and stories offers a fascinating and intimate portrait of the multifaceted artist and absurdist wordsmith. Join Adams on an excursion to climb Kilimanjaro . . . dressed in a rhino costume peek into the private life of Genghis Khan warrior and world class neurotic root for the harried author s efforts to get a Hitchhiker movie off the ground in Hollywood thrill to the further exploits of private eye Dirk Gently and two headed alien Zaphod Beeblebrox. Though Douglas Adams is gone, he s left us something very special to remember him by. Without a doubt. Worth reading and even cherishing, if only because it s the last we ll hear from the master of comic science fiction. The Star Ledger"
Wish You Were Here The Official Biography of Douglas Adams by Nick Webb. No description available
"Douglas Adams's Starship Titanic by Terry Jones. At the centre of the galaxy, an unknown civilization is preparing for an event of epic proportions, the launch of the most technologically advanced spaceship ever built the Starship Titanic. The ship that cannot possibly go wrong."
Salmon of Doubt Hitchhiking the Galaxy One Last Time by Douglas Adams Christopher Cerf. No description available
The Phantom Tollbooth A Children's Play in Two Acts by Susan Nanus Norton Juster. No description available
On Bullshit by Harry G. Frankfurt. No description available
Another Bullshit Night in Suck City by Nick Flynn. No description available
Lincoln at Gettysburg The Words That Remade America by Garry Wills. No description available
The Gettysburg Address by Abraham Lincoln Michael McCurdy. No description available
Underworld by Don DeLillo. No description available
Libra by Don DeLillo. No description available
Americana by Don DeLillo. No description available
Running Dog by Don DeLillo. No description available
Cosmopolis by Don DeLillo. No description available
Great Jones Street by Don DeLillo. No description available
The Names by Don DeLillo. No description available
"Against the Day by Thomas Pynchon. Pynchon's funniest and arguably his most accessible novel. The New York Times Book Review Raunchy, funny, digressive, brilliant. USA Today Rich and sweeping, wild and thrilling. The Boston Globe Spanning the era between the Chicago World's Fair of 1893 and the years just after World War I, and constantly moving between locations across the globe and to a few places not strictly speaking on the map at all , Against the Day unfolds with a phantasmagoria of characters that includes anarchists, balloonists, drug enthusiasts, mathematicians, mad scientists, shamans, spies, and hired guns. As an era of uncertainty comes crashing down around their ears and an unpredictable future commences, these folks are mostly just trying to pursue their lives. Sometimes they manage to catch up sometimes it's their lives that pursue them."
V. by Thomas Pynchon. No description available
The Crying of Lot 49 by Thomas Pynchon. No description available
Gravity's Rainbow by Thomas Pynchon. No description available
Mason Dixon by Thomas Pynchon Christophe Claro Brice Matthieussent. No description available
"Vineland by Thomas Pynchon. Vineland, a zone of blessed anarchy in northern California, is the last refuge of hippiedom, a culture devastated by the sobriety epidemic, Reaganomics, and the Tube. Here, in an Orwellian 1984, Zoyd Wheeler and his daughter Prairie search for Prairie's long lost mother, a Sixties radical who ran off with a narc. Vineland is vintage Pynchon, full of quasi allegorical characters, elaborate unresolved subplots, corny songs Floozy with an Uzi , movie spoofs Pee wee Herman in The Robert Musil Story , and illicit sex including a macho variation on the infamous sportscar scene in V. . For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up to date translations by award winning translators."
Slow Learner Early Stories by Thomas Pynchon. No description available
Been Down So Long It Looks Like Up To Me by Richard Fari a Thomas Pynchon. No description available
The Year of Magical Thinking by Joan Didion. No description available
The White Album by Joan Didion. No description available
A Book of Common Prayer by Joan Didion. No description available
"Where I Was From by Joan Didion. From the bestselling, award winning author of The Year of Magical Thinking In this arresting amalgam of memoir and historical timeline The Baltimore Sun , Didion a native Californian reassesses parts of her life, her work, her history, and ours. Didion applies her scalpel like intelligence to California's ethic of ruthless self sufficiency in order to examine that ethic s often tenuous relationship to reality. Combining history and reportage, memoir and literary criticism, Where I Was From explores California s romances with land and water its unacknowledged debts to railroads, aerospace, and big government the disjunction between its code of individualism and its fetish for prisons. Whether she is writing about her pioneer ancestors or privileged sexual predators, robber barons or writers not excluding herself , Didion is an unparalleled observer, and this book is at once intellectually provocative and deeply personal."
Slouching Towards Bethlehem by Joan Didion. No description available
Democracy by Joan Didion. No description available
We Tell Ourselves Stories in Order to Live Collected Nonfiction by Joan Didion John Leonard. No description available
Play It As It Lays by Joan Didion David Thomson. No description available
The New York Trilogy by Paul Auster Art Spiegelman Luc Sante. No description available
"City of Glass The New York Trilogy 1 by Paul Auster. EDGAR AWARD NOMINEE In this stunning debut novel, the first volume in Paul Auster s acclaimed The New York Trilogy, an author determined to solve a mystery begins to descend into madness. Remarkable . . . The book is a pleasure to read, full of suspense and action. . . . A strange and powerful adventure. The New York Times Book Review After a strange phone call in the middle of the night, Quinn, an author of detective stories, becomes enmeshed in a case more puzzling than any he might have written. Composed with hallucinatory clarity, City of Glass combines dark humor with Hitchcock like suspense. City of Glass inaugurates the intriguing New York Trilogy of novels that The Washington Post Book World has classified as post existential private eye. . . . It s as if Kafka has gotten hooked on the gumshoe game and penned his own ever spiraling version. The brilliant installments of Paul Auster s The New York Trilogy include CITY OF GLASS GHOSTS THE LOCKED ROOM"
Ghosts The New York Trilogy 2 by Paul Auster. The second book in the acclaimed New York Trilogy a detective story that becomes a haunting and eerie exploration of identity and deception. It is a story of hidden violence that culminates in an inevitable but unexpectedly shattering climax.
"The Locked Room The New York Trilogy 3 by Paul Auster. The Locked Room is the story of a writer who lacks the creativity to produce fiction. Fanshawe, his childhood friend, has produced creative work, and when he disappears the writer publishes his work and replaces him in his family. When Fanshawe disappears, leaving behind a wife, a baby and an extraordinary cache of novels, plays and poems, his boyhood friend is lured obsessively into the life that Fanshawe left behind. Goodreads"
Pyramids of Montauk Explorations in Consciousness by Peter Moon Preston B. Nichols Nina Helms. No description available
The Brooklyn Follies by Paul Auster. No description available
Moon Palace by Paul Auster. No description available
The Music of Chance by Paul Auster. No description available
Travels in the Scriptorium by Paul Auster. No description available
"Leviathan by Paul Auster. 'The life of man, solitary, poore, nasty, brutish, and short' Written during the chaos of the English Civil War, Thomas Hobbes' Leviathan asks how, in a world of violence and horror, can we stop ourselves from descending into anarchy? Hobbes' case for a 'common wealth' under a powerful sovereign or 'Leviathan' to enforce security and the rule of law, shocked his contemporaries, and his book was publicly burnt for sedition the moment it was published. But his penetrating work of political philosophy opened up questions about the nature of statecraft and society that influenced governments across the world. Edited with an Introduction by Christopher Brooke"
The Red Notebook True Stories by Paul Auster. No description available
"Timbuktu Leviathan Moon Palace by Paul Auster. Mr. Bones, a canine companion to homeless man named Willy G. Christmas, accompanies his dying master on trip to Baltimore in search of an ex high school teacher."
"Collapse How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed by Jared Diamond. This title has been removed from sale by Penguin Group, USA."
"The Coming Economic Collapse How You Can Thrive When Oil Costs 200 a Barrel by Stephen Leeb Glen C. Strathy. In this incredibly timely book,renowned economist Stephen Leeb shows how surging oilprices will contribute to a huge economic collapse bysoaring to over 100, and perhaps 200, a barrel andtells how you can avoid the pitfalls of the upcomingcrisis."
Collapse of Complex Societies by Joseph A. Tainter. Dr Tainter describes nearly two dozen cases of collapse and reviews more than 2000 years of explanations. He then develops a new and far reaching theory.
Bowling Alone The Collapse and Revival of American Community by Robert D. Putnam. Packed with provocative information about the social and political habits of twentieth century Americans.
"The Collapse of the Common Good How America's Lawsuit Culture Undermines Our Freedom by Philip K. Howard. In pursuit of fairness at any cost, we have created a society paralyzed by legal fear Doctors are paranoid and principals powerless. Little league coaches, scared of liability, stop volunteering. Schools and hospitals start to crumble. The common good fades, replaced by a cacophony of people claiming their individual rights. By turns funny and infuriating, this startling book dissects the dogmas of fairness that allow self interested individuals to bully the rest of society. Philip K. Howard explains how, trying to honor individual rights, we removed the authority needed to maintain a free society. Teachers don t even have authority to maintain order in the classroom. With no one in charge, the safe course is to avoid any possible risk. Seesaws and diving boards are removed. Ridiculous warning labels litter the American landscape Caution Contents Are Hot. Striving to protect individual rights, we ended up losing much of our freedom. When almost any decision that someone disagrees with is a possible lawsuit, no one knows where he stands. A huge monument to the unknown plaintiff looms high above America, casting a dark shadow across our daily choices. Today, in the land of free speech, you d have to be a fool to say what you really think. This provocative book not only attacks the sacred cows of political correctness, but takes a breathtakingly bold stand on how to reinvigorate our common good. Only by restoring personal authority can schools begin to work again. Only by judges and legislatures taking back the authority to decide who can sue for what can doctors feel comfortable using their best judgment and American be liberated to say and do what they know is right. Lucid, honest, and hard hitting, The Collapse of the Common Good shows how Americans can bring back freedom and common sense to a society disabled by lawyers and legal fear."
"Reinventing the Enemy's Language Contemporary Native Women's Writings of North America by Joy Harjo Gloria Bird Beth Cuthand Valerie Martinez Patricia Blanco. Features poetry, fiction, and other writings by Native American women"
"My Inventions by Nikola Tesla. The investors showed little interest in Tesla's ideas for new types of motors and electrical transmission equipment and also seemed to think it was better to develop an electrical utility than invent new systems. They eventually forced Tesla out leaving him penniless. He even lost control of the patents he had generated since he had assigned them to the company in lieu of stock. He had to work at various electrical repair jobs and even as a ditch digger for 2 per day. Tesla considered the winter of 1886 1887 as a time of terrible headaches and bitter tears. During this time, he questioned the value of his education. Chapter 1 My Early Life The progressive development of man is vitally dependent on invention. It is the most important product of his creative brain. Its ultimate purpose is the complete mastery of mind over the material world, the harnessing of the forces of nature to human needs. This is the difficult task of the inventor who is often misunderstood and unrewarded. But he finds ample compensation in the pleasing exercises of his powers and in the knowledge of being one of that exceptionally privileged class without whom the race would have long ago perished in the bitter struggle against pitiless elements. Speaking for myself, I have already had more than my full measure of this exquisite enjoyment, so much that for many years my life was little short of continuous rapture. I am credited with being one of the hardest workers and perhaps I am, if thought is the equivalent of labor, for I have devoted to it almost all of my waking hours. But if work is interpreted to be a definite performance in a specified time according to a rigid rule, then I may be the worst of idlers. Every effort under compulsion demands a sacrifice of life energy. I never paid such a price. On the contrary, I have thrived on my thoughts. In attempting to give a connected and faithful account of my activities in this series of articles which will be presented with the assistance of the Editors of the Electrical Experimenter and are chiefly addressed to our young men readers, I must dwell, however reluctantly, on the impressions of my youth and the circumstances and events which have been instrumental in determining my career. Our first endeavors are purely instinctive, promptings of an imagination vivid and undisciplined. As we grow older reason asserts itself and we become more and more sys tematic and designing. But those early impulses, although not immediately productive, are of the greatest moment and may shape our very destinies. Indeed, I feel now that had I understood and cultivated instead of suppressing them, I would have added substantial value to my bequest to the world. But not until I had attained manhood did I realize that I was an inventor.."
Wizard The Life and Times of Nikola Tesla Biography of a Genius by Marc J. Seifer William H. Terbo. No description available
Nikola Tesla A Spark of Genius by Carol Dommermuth Costa. No description available
Tesla Papers by Nikola Tesla David Hatcher Childress. Nikola Tesla on free energy wireless transmission of power Cover.
Boys of Summer by Julie Elizabeth Leto Leslie Kelly Kimberly Raye. No description available
"Programming Ruby The Pragmatic Programmers' Guide by Dave Thomas Chad Fowler Andy Hunt. Ruby is a true object oriented programming language that makes the craft of programming easier. Ruby is a transparent language It doesn't obscure your program behind unnecessary syntax or reams of extra support code. Guided by the Principle of Least Surprise, Ruby embodies the values of consistency and simplicity of expression. It's more than a programming language It's a concise way of expressing ideas. Ruby supports natural intelligence yours. Programming Ruby The Pragmatic Programmer's Guide is your complete Ruby resource. It provides a tutorial and overview of Ruby version 1.6 a detailed description of the language's structure, syntax, and operation a guide to building applications with Ruby and a comprehensive library reference. BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved"
Golding's Lord of the Flies Cliffs Notes by Maureen Kelly CliffsNotes William Golding. No description available
Lord of the Flies by William Golding. The classical study of human nature which depicts the degeneration of a group of schoolboys marooned on a desert island.
"A War Like No Other How the Athenians Spartans Fought the Peloponnesian War by Victor Davis Hanson. Presents a history of the Peloponnesian War and its repercussions on ancient Greece, discussing the events of the conflict, its impact on Athens and Sparta, and the personalities involved, including Pericles and Sophocles."
"We Were Not Like Other People by Ephraim Sevela Antonina W. Bouis. Separated from his family when the Germans invade Russia during World War II, a young boy learns to fend for himself and earn a living whenever and however he can."
"The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold. Susie Salmon is just like any other young American girl. She wants to be beautiful, adores her charm bracelet and has a crush on a boy from school. There's one big difference though Susie is dead. Add Now she can only observe while her family manage their grief in their different ways. Susie is desperate to help them and there might be a way of reaching them... Alice Sebold's novel The Lovely Bones is a unique coming of age tale that captured the hearts of readers throughout the world. Award winning playwright Bryony Lavery has adapted it for this unforgettable play about life after loss."
"Lovely in Her Bones Elizabeth MacPherson 2 by Sharyn McCrumb. Who but Sharyn McCrumb can make a skull with a bullet hole funny? Those who like sardonic wit, slightly bent characters, and good fun will love Lovely in Her Bones. Tony Hillerman When an Appalachian dig to determine if an obscure Indian tribe in North Carolina can lay legal claim to the land they live on is stopped on account of murder, Elizabeth MacPherson eager student of the rites of the past and mysteries of the present starts digging deep. And when she mixes a little modern know how with some old fashioned suspicions, Elizabeth comes up with a batch of answers that surprise even the experts. . . ."
The Zen of CSS Design Visual Enlightenment for the Web by Dave Shea Molly E. Holzschlag. No description available
HTML XHTML and CSS Visual Quickstart Guide by Elizabeth Castro. No description available
"1000 Record Covers by Michael Ochs Patrick Javault Ulrike Wasel. Illustrates how rock is not just music but a way of life, an attitude and a style. By definition, rock music is for the moment the same applies to album covers, hitting the popular nerve of the time. This book collects covers from the 20th century, from megahits to obscure collector's items."
Killing Yourself to Live 85 of a True Story by Chuck Klosterman. No description available
"Sex Drugs and Cocoa Puffs A Low Culture Manifesto by Chuck Klosterman. Now in paperback after six hardback printings, the damn funny...wild collection of bracingly intelligent essays about topics that aren't quite as intelligent as Chuck Klosterman' Esquire . Following the success of Fargo Rock City, Klosterman, a senior writer at Spin magazine, is back with a hilarious and savvy manifesto for a youth gone wild on pop culture and media, taking on everything from Guns'n'Roses tribute bands to Christian fundamentalism to internet porn. 'Maddeningly smart and funny' Washington Post'"
Vice V 8 by Jane Feather. This book reviews the evolution of the modern vice presidency the historical events and developments that have contributed to the expansion of the office beyond its largely legislative branch character to include diverse and important executive branch duties. Each Vice President is briefly discussed along with interesting facts about them.
"Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance An Inquiry Into Values Phaedrus 1 by Robert M. Pirsig. Acclaimed as one of the most exciting books in the history of American letters, this modern epic became an instant bestseller upon publication in 1974, transforming a generation and continuing to inspire millions. A narration of a summer motorcycle trip undertaken by a father and his son, the book becomes a personal and philosophical odyssey into fundamental questions of how to live. Resonant with the confusions of existence, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance is a touching and transcendent book of life."
"Once Upon a Cool Motorcycle Dude by Kevin O'Malley Carol Heyer Scott Goto. When their teacher gives a joint storytelling assignment, a boy and a girl have different ideas of how their fairy tale should evolve. Can they agree on who will live happily ever after? With a cool motorcycle dude and a beautiful princess the possibilities are endless in this read to me eBook! Once upon a time there was ... a princess who loved all her beautiful ponies, a cool muscle dude who rode an awesome motorcycle. But a giant came and started stealing them! The dude came to fight the ugly, smelly giant with his mighty sword. She turned gold into thread while she cried for Buttercup, her favorite pony. And he took the princess's gold thread for payment The end! Wait a minute! That's not how it ends! Oh no? Once upon a time there was a boy and a girl who had to tell a fairy tale to the class, but they couldn't agree on the story. Will everyone live happily ever after?"
"Guidebook to Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance by Ronald L. DiSanto Thomas J. Steele. When Robert Pirsig's Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance was first published in 1974, it caused a literary sensation. An entire generation was profoundly affected by the story of the narrator, his son, Chris, and their month long motorcycle odyssey from Minnesota to California. A combination of philosophical speculation and psychological tension, the book is a complex story of relationships, values, madness, and, eventually, enlightenment. Ronald DiSanto and Thomas Steele have spent years investigating the background and underlying symbolism of Pirsig's work. Together, and with the approval of Robert Pirsig, they have written a fascinating reference companion to the original. This guidebook serves as a metaphorical backpack of supplies for the reader's journey through the original work. With the background material, insights, and perspectives the authors provide, it has become required reading for new fans of the book as well as those who have returned to it over the years."
"Motorcycle Basics Techbook by John Harold Haynes. All common engine, chassis and electrical systems fully explained and illustrated. Topics covered include engine cycles and layouts, carburettors and fuel injection, ignition systems, clutches, gearbox, engine lubrication and cooling, wheels, tires, braking systems, suspension, steering, handling, design and electrical systems."
"LOGO Lounge 2 000 International Identities by Leading Designers by Catharine M. Fishel Bill Gardner. A collection of 2,000 logos by top designers from around the world. Profiles selected designers and highlights successful new designs. Describes the creative process behind some logos by reviewing early designs and their evolution."
The Death of Ivan Ilych And Other Stories by Leo Tolstoy Hugh McLean. No description available
"War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy Henry Gifford Aylmer Maude Louise Maude. This epic novel is centred on Napoleon's war with Russia. It expresses Tolstoy's view that history is an inexorable process which man cannot influence. Three of the characters, Natasha Rostov, artless and delightful Prince Andrew Bolkonsky, world weary and Pierre Bezukhov, idealistic illustrate Tolstoy's philosophy."
The Kingdom of God Is Within You by Leo Tolstoy Constance Garnett. No description available
Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand Leonard Peikoff. No description available
"For the New Intellectual The Philosophy of Ayn Rand by Ayn Rand. Here is Ayn Rand s first non fiction work a challenge to the prevalent philosophical doctrines of our time and the atmosphere of guilt, of panic, of despair, of boredom, and of all pervasive evasion that they create. As incisive and relevant today as it was sixty years ago, this book presents the essentials of Ayn Rand s philosophy for those who wish to acquire an integrated view of existence. In the title essay, she offers an analysis of Western culture, discusses the causes of its progress, its decline, its present bankruptcy, and points the road to an intellectual renaissance. One of the most controversial figures on the intellectual scene, Ayn Rand was the proponent of a moral philosophy and ethic of rational self interest that stands in sharp opposition to the ethics of altruism and self sacrifice. The fundamentals of this morality a philosophy for living on Earth are here vibrantly set forth by the spokesman for a new class, For the New Intellectual."
The Fountainhead by Ayn Rand. No description available
"The Virtue of Selfishness A New Concept of Egoism by Ayn Rand Nathaniel Branden. A collection of essays that sets forth the moral principles of Objectivism, Ayn Rand's controversial, groundbreaking philosophy. Since their initial publication, Rand's fictional works Anthem, The Fountainhead, and Atlas Shrugged have had a major impact on the intellectual scene. The underlying theme of her famous novels is her philosophy, a new morality the ethics of rational self interest that offers a robust challenge to altruist collectivist thought. Known as Objectivism, her divisive philosophy holds human life the life proper to a rational being as the standard of moral values and regards altruism as incompatible with man's nature. In this series of essays, Rand asks why man needs morality in the first place, and arrives at an answer that redefines a new code of ethics based on the virtue of selfishness. More Than 1 Million Copies Sold!"
"Anthem by Ayn Rand. AYN RAND S CLASSIC WORK! Hailed as one of Russian American writer Ayn Rand's greatest works, Anthem, a dystopian fiction novella, was a clear predecessor to her later masterpieces, The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged. In it she examines a frightening future in which individuals have no name, no independence, and no values. All decisions are made by committee, all people live in collectives, and all traces of individualism have been wiped out. A young man rebels by doing secret scientific research because the spark of individual thought and freedom still burns in him, even though he has been taught it is sinful. When his activity is discovered, he is marked for death for committing the ultimate sin. He flees into the wilderness with the girl he loves. Together they plan to establish a new society based on rediscovered individualism and they live together in the forest. Trying to express their love for one another, they at first lack the words to speak of love as individuals. When one of them discovers the word I they realize they have rediscovered individuality and plan a future in which they will regain it. My happiness is not the means to any end. It is the end. It is its own goal. It is its own purpose. Ayn Rand, Anthem Rand originally conceived of the story as a play, then decided to write for magazine publication. At her agent's suggestion, she submitted it to book publishers and it was first published in the United Kingdom in 1938 only after her next novel, The Fountainhead, became a bestseller."
"We the Living by Ayn Rand Leonard Peikoff. Ayn Rand's first published novel, a timeless story that explores the struggles of the individual against the state in Soviet Russia. First published in 1936, We the Living portrays the impact of the Russian Revolution on three human beings who demand the right to live their own lives and pursue their own happiness. It tells of a young woman s passionate love, held like a fortress against the corrupting evil of a totalitarian state. We the Living is not a story of politics, but of the men and women who have to struggle for existence behind the Red banners and slogans. It is a picture of what those slogans do to human beings. What happens to the defiant ones? What happens to those who succumb? Against a vivid panorama of political revolution and personal revolt, Ayn Rand shows what the theory of socialism means in practice. Includes an Introduction and Afterword by Ayn Rand s Philosophical Heir, Leonard Peikoff"
"Capitalism The Unknown Ideal by Ayn Rand Nathaniel Branden Alan Greenspan Robert Hessen. In this series of essays, Ayn Rand presents her stand on the persecution of big business, the causes of war, the default of conservatism, and the evils of altruism. The foundations of capitalism are being battered by a flood of altruism, which is the cause of the modern world's collapse. This is the view of Ayn Rand, a view so radically opposed to prevailing attitudes that it constitutes a major philosophic revolution. Here is a challenging new look at modern society by one of the most provocative intellectuals on the American scene. This edition includes two articles by Ayn Rand that did not appear in the hardcover edition The Wreckage of the Consensus, which presents the Objectivists views on Vietnam and the draft and Requiem for Man, an answer to the Papal encyclical Progresso Populorum."
"Letters of Ayn Rand by Ayn Rand Michael S. Berliner Leonard Peikoff. The publication of the letters of Ayn Rand is a cause for celebration, not only among the countless millions of Ayn Rand admirers the world over, but also among all those interested in the key political, philosophical, and artistic issues of our century. For there is no separation between Ayn Rand the vibrant, creative woman and Ayn Rand the intellectual dynamo, the rational thinker, who was also a passionately committed champion of individual freedom. These remarkable letters begin in 1926, with a note from the twenty year old Ayn Rand, newly arrived in Chicago from Soviet Russia, an impoverished unknown determined to realize the promise of the land of opportunity. They move through her struggles and successes as a screenwriter, a playwright, and a novelist, her sensational triumph as the author of The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged, and her eminence as founder and shaper of Objectivism, one of the most challenging philosophies of our time. They are written to such famed contemporaries as Cecil B. DeMille, Frank Lloyd Wright, H.L. Mencken, Alexander Kerensky, Barry Goldwater and Mickey Spillane There are letters to philosophers, priests, publishers, and political columnists to her beloved husband, Frank O' Connor and to her intimate circle of friends and her growing legion of followers. Her letters range in tone from warm affection to icy fury, and in content from telling commentaries on the events of the day to unforgettably eloquent statements of her philosophical ideas. They are presented chronologically, with explanatory notes by Michael S. Berliner, who identifies the recipients of the letters and provides relevant background and context. Here is a chronicle that captures the inspiring drama of a towering literary genius and seminal thinker, and often day by day her amazing life."
"Sailing for Dummies by J.J. Isler Peter Isler. Interested in learning to sail but feel like you re navigating in murky waters? Sailing for Dummies, Second Edition introduces the basics of sailing, looks at the different types of sailboats and their basic parts, and teaches you everything you need to know before you leave the dock. In Sailing for Dummies, Second Edition, two U.S. sailing champions show you how to Find and choose a sailing school Use life jackets correctly Tie ten nautical knots Handle sailing emergencies such as capsizing and rescuing a man overboard Launch your boat from a trailer, ramp, or beach Get your boat from point A to point B and back again Predict and respond to water and wind conditions Read charts, plot your course, use a compass, and find your position at sea Sailing for Dummies shows you that getting out on the water is easier than you think. The authors keep the sailor speak to a minimum where possible, but give you a grasp of the terminology you need to safely and effectively communicate with your crew. A textbook, user s manual, and reference all in one, this book takes the intimidation out of sailing and gives you the skills and confidence you need to get your feet wet and become the sailing pro you ve always wanted to be. Anchors away!"
Sailing from Byzantium How a Lost Empire Shaped the World by Colin Wells. No description available
"Sailing Alone Around the Room New and Selected Poems by Billy Collins. Sailing Alone Around the Room, by America s Poet Laureate, Billy Collins, contains both new poems and a generous gathering from his earlier collections The Apple That Astonished Paris, Questions About Angels, The Art of Drowning, and Picnic, Lightning. These poems show Collins at his best, performing the kinds of distinctive poetic maneuvers that have delighted and fascinated so many readers. They may begin in curiosity and end in grief they may start with irony and end with lyric transformation they may, and often do, begin with the everyday and end in the infinite. Possessed of a unique voice that is at once plain and melodic, Billy Collins has managed to enrich American poetry while greatly widening the circle of its audience."
"The Greatest Sailing Stories Ever Told Twenty Seven Unforgettable Stories by Christopher Caswell. For thousands of years, man has sailed into battle, sailed for rumored wealth, and sailed for pure adventure. And for nearly as long, stories about the sea have entertained, intrigued, and inspired readers. The Greatest Sailing Stories Ever Told brings together some of the most compelling writing of the millennium. Here is Peter Goss's wrenching narrative of incredible courage in the world's most desolate ocean along with Ernest Shackleton's understated and awesome account of one of the most daring small boat journeys ever taken, where failure meant certain death for his long suffering crew. But sailing is much more than headlong dashes into roaring seas. You'll also find William F. Buckley Jr. on idyllic cruising James Thurber on the arcane and often impenetrable language of sailors and the legendary Joshua Slocum on sailing alone around the world. The Greatest Sailing Stories Ever Told is a treasure trove tears, adrenaline, laughter, and adventure abound. With contributions from James Thurber William F. Buckley Jr. Ann Davison Sterling Hayden Ernest Shackleton Tristan Jones Samuel Eliot Morrison Joshua Slocum E. B. White C. S. Forester Cleveland Amory Weston Martyr Peter Goss David Kasanof and many others."
Natural Cures They Don't Want You to Know about by Kevin Trudeau. No description available
The Natural by Bernard Malamud Kevin Baker. Malamud uses the fanatical and aggressive world of professional baseball to mirror contemporary society.
Digging to America by Anne Tyler. No description available
"Rereading America Cultural Contexts for Critical Thinking and Writing by Gary Colombo Bonnie Lisle. Intended as a reader for writing and critical thinking courses, this volume presents a collection of writings promoting cultural diversity, encouraging readers to grapple with the real differences in perspectives that arise in our complex society."
Modern Latin America by Thomas E. Skidmore Peter H. Smith. No description available
"The Plot Against America by Philip Roth. NATIONAL BESTSELLER The chilling bestselling alternate history novel of what happens to one family when America elects a charismatic, isolationist president whose government embraces anti Semitism from the Pulitzer Prize winning author of American Pastoral. A terrific political novel.... Sinister, vivid, dreamlike...You turn the pages, astonished and frightened. The New York Times Book Review One of the New York Times s 100 Best Books of the 21st Century In an extraordinary feat of narrative invention, Philip Roth imagines an alternate history where Franklin D. Roosevelt loses the 1940 presidential election to heroic aviator and rabid isolationist Charles A. Lindbergh. Shortly thereafter, Lindbergh negotiates a cordial understanding with Adolf Hitler, while the new government embarks on a program of folksy anti Semitism."
"Naked Pictures of Famous People by Jon Stewart. Jake Steinfeld has seen a lot of big name celebrities naked that is, stripped of the trappings of fame and fortune. He has learned what makes successful people tick and he has used that knowledge to turn a personal training business into a premiere fitness product brand, a 24 hour fitness television network, a professional sports league and instant recognition everywhere he goes. This book is Business by Jake."
"Collected Stories by Gabriel Garc a M rquez Gregory Rabassa J.S. Bernstein. This definitive collection establishes Williams as a major American fiction writer of the twentieth century. Tennessee Williams Collected Stories combines the four short story volumes published during Williams lifetime with previously unpublished or uncollected stories. Arranged chronologically, the forty nine stories, when taken together with the memoir of his father that serves as a preface, not only establish Williams as a major American fiction writer of the twentieth century, but also, in Gore Vidal s view, constitute the real autobiography of Williams art and inner life."
"Cr nica de una muerte anunciada by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. Un hombre regresa al pueblo donde ocurri un asesinato desconcertante 27 a os atr s, con la determinaci n de descubrir la verdad. Todos parecen estar de acuerdo en que Bayardo San Rom n, s lo unas horas despu s de su matrimonio con la bella Angela Vicario, la devuelve por deshonrada a la casa paterna. La atribulada familia fuerza a la novia a revelar el nombre de su primer amante y los hermanos gemelos de ella anuncian su intenci n de matar a Santiago Nasar por haber deshonrado a su hermana. Sin embargo, si todos sab an que se iba a cometer un asesinato, por qu nadie trat de impedirlo? Cuanto m s se sabe de este asunto, menos se comprende, y cuando la historia al fin se precipita a su inesperada conclusi n, una sociedad entera no s lo un par de asesinos est siendo enjuiciada."
"Del amor y otros demonios by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. Premio Nobel de Literatura Una obra atrevida y cautivadora Garc a M rquez retiene una voz admirable y vital, y la pluma de un ngel . Los Angeles Times Book Review El 26 de octubre de 1949 el reportero Gabriel Garc a M rquez fue enviado al antiguo convento de Santa Clara, que iba a ser demolido para edificar sobre l un hotel de cinco estrellas, a presenciar el vaciado de las criptas funerarias y a cubrir la noticia. Se exhumaron los restos de un virrey del Per y su amante secreta, un obispo, varias abadesas, un bachiller de artes y una marquesa. Pero la sorpresa salt al destapar la tercera hornacina del altar mayor se desparram una cabellera de color cobre, de veintid s metros y once cent metros de largo, perteneciente a una ni a. En la l pida apenas se le a el nombre Sierva Mar a de Todos los ngeles. Cuenta el propio Garc a M rquez Mi abuela me contaba de ni o la leyenda de una marquesita de doce a os cuya cabellera le arrastraba como una cola de novia, que hab a muerto del mal de rabia por el mordisco de un perro, y era venerada en los pueblos del Caribe por sus muchos milagros. La idea de que esa tumba pudiera ser la suya fue mi noticia de aquel d a, y el origen de este libro ."
"Living to Tell the Tale by Gabriel Garc a M rquez Edith Grossman. At first glance, Garcia Mrquez's vivid and detailed portrait of his early life appears to be testament to a photographic memory. Yet as he explains in the epigraph, Life isn't what one lived, but what one remembers and how one remembers it to tell it."
"Memoria de mis putas tristes by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. Cuenta la vida de este anciano solitario, un apasionado de la m sica cl sica, nada aficionado de las mascotas y lleno de man as. Por l sabremos c mo en todas sus aventuras sexuales que no fueron pocas siempre dio a cambio algo de dinero, pero nunca imagin que de ese modo encontrar a el verdadero amor. Inside dust jacket."
"The Elegant Universe Superstrings Hidden Dimensions and the Quest for the Ultimate Theory by Brian Greene. NATIONAL BESTSELLER Finalist for the Pulitzer Prize A new edition of the iconic bestseller that introduced legions to modern physics and the quest for the ultimate understanding of the cosmos, featuring a new preface and epilogue. With a rare blend of scientific insight and writing as graceful as the theories it so deftly explains, The Elegant Universe remains the unrivaled account of the modern search for the deepest laws of nature a standard that will be hard to beat George Johnson, New York Times Book Review . In this new 25th anniversary edition, renowned physicist and author Brian Greene the single best explainer of abstruse concepts in the world today Washington Post updates his classic work with a new preface and epilogue summarizing the significant theoretical and experimental developments over the past quarter century. From established science, including relativity and quantum mechanics, to the cutting edge of thinking on black holes, string theory, and quantum gravity, The Elegant Universe makes some of the most sophisticated concepts ever contemplated thoroughly accessible and entertaining, bringing us closer than ever to comprehending how the universe works."
"Pure and Simple The Extraordinary Teachings of a Thai Buddhist Laywoman by Upasika Kee Nanayon Thanissaro Bhikkhu. Practicing meditation under difficult conditions, Upsasika Kee eventuallyroke through to complete inner peace. Here is her achievement direct,lain spoken talks on how to deal with sickness, how to allow suffering andtress to always 'disband,' as she calls it, and how to how to keep the mindentered. Upasika Kee was a uniquely powerful teacher. Evocative of the greatjahn Chah, her teachings are earthy, refreshingly direct, and often funny.n the twentieth century, she grew to become one of the most famous teachersn Thailand male or female all the more remarkable because, rarer still, sheas a layperson!"
"The Mini Rough Guide to London by Rob Humphreys Beth Chaplin Rebecca Morrill. The Mini Rough Guide to London is the definitive pocket handbook to one of Europe's most dynamic cities. The guide includes a brand new, 16 page, full colour section introducing London's highlights with incisive accounts of all the top sights from the London Eye to St Paul's Cathedral. There are expert reviews of all the best hotels and restaurants, plus expanded coverage of the all the top bars, shops, clubs and music venues. The guide also covers day trips away from the city, including Greenwich, Hampton Court Palace and historic Windsor Castle. This portable guidebook comes complete with clear, readable maps that have grid references for all the top attractions and recommendations."
"Best of London Lonely Planet Best Of by Lonely Planet Sarah Johnstone Steve Fallon. Lonely Planet The world's number one travel guide publisher Lonely Planet's Best of London is your passport to the most relevant, up to date advice on what to see and skip, and what hidden discoveries await you. Gallery hop along the Thames, explore dark history and glittering crown jewels in the Tower of London, and sample real ale in historic pubs all with your trusted travel companion. Discover the best of London and begin your journey now! Inside Lonely Planet's Best of London Full colour images throughout Highlights and itineraries help you tailor your trip to your personal needs and interests Insider tips to save time and money and get around like a local, avoiding crowds and trouble spots Essential info at your fingertips hours of operation, phone numbers, websites, transit tips, prices Honest reviews for all budgets eating, sightseeing, going out, shopping, hidden gems that most guidebooks miss Cultural insights provide a richer, more rewarding travel experience covering history, art, food, wine, sport, politics Covers Westminster, the West End, the City, the South Bank, Camden, Islington, Notting Hill, Kensington, Clerkenwell, Shoreditch Spitalfields, East London, and more. The Perfect Choice Lonely Planet's Best of London is filled with inspiring and colourful photos, and focuses on London's most popular attractions for those wanting to experience the best of the best. Looking for a comprehensive guide that recommends both popular and offbeat experiences, and extensively covers all the country has to offer? Check out Lonely Planet's England guide. About Lonely Planet Lonely Planet is a leading travel media company and the world's number one travel guidebook brand, providing both inspiring and trustworthy information for every kind of traveller since 1973. Over the past four decades, we've printed over 145 million guidebooks and phrasebooks for 120 languages, and grown a dedicated, passionate global community of travellers. You'll also find our content online, and in mobile apps, video, 14 languages, 12 international magazines, armchair and lifestyle books, ebooks, and more, enabling you to explore every day. Lonely Planet enables the curious to experience the world fully and to truly get to the heart of the places they find themselves, near or far from home. 'Lonely Planet guides are, quite simply, like no other.' New York Times 'Lonely Planet. It's on everyone's bookshelves, it's in every traveller's hands. It's on mobile phones. It's on the Internet. It's everywhere, and it's telling entire generations of people how to travel the world.' Fairfax Media Australia Source Nielsen BookScan Australia, UK, USA, 5 2016 4 2017 eBook Features Best viewed on tablet devices and smartphones Downloadable PDF and offline maps prevent roaming and data charges Effortlessly navigate and jump between maps and reviews Add notes to personalise your guidebook experience Seamlessly flip between pages Bookmarks and speedy search capabilities get you to key pages in a flash Embedded links to recommendations' websites Zoom in maps and images Inbuilt dictionary for quick referencing Important Notice The digital edition of this book may not contain all of the images found in the physical edition."
"Lonely Planet Londres by Lonely Planet Sarah Johnstone Tom Masters. Lonely Planet The world's number one travel guide publisher Lonely Planet's Pocket London is your passport to the most relevant, up to date advice on what to see and skip, and what hidden discoveries await you. Rise over the city on the London Eye, uncover the past at Kensington's museums, and explore Soho, Greenwich and the Tower all with your trusted travel companion. Get to the heart of London and begin your journey now! Inside Lonely Planet's Pocket London Full colour maps and images throughout Highlights and itineraries help you tailor your trip to your personal needs and interests Insider tips to save time and money and get around like a local, avoiding crowds and trouble spots Essential info at your fingertips hours of operation, phone numbers, websites, transit tips, prices Honest reviews for all budgets eating, sleeping, sightseeing, going out, shopping, hidden gems that most guidebooks miss Free, convenient pull out map included in print version , plus over 20 colour neighbourhood maps User friendly layout with helpful icons, and organised by neighbourhood to help you pick the best spots to spend your time Covers Westminster, Covent Garden, Bloomsbury, the City, the South Bank, Kensington, Regent's Park, Camden, Greenwich, and more The Perfect Choice Lonely Planet's Pocket London is our colourful, easy to use, handy guide that literally fits in your pocket, providing on the go assistance for those seeking the best sights and experiences on a short visit or weekend break. Looking for more extensive coverage? Check out Lonely Planet's in depth England or Great Britain guides. About Lonely Planet Lonely Planet is a leading travel media company and the world's number one travel guidebook brand, providing both inspiring and trustworthy information for every kind of traveller since 1973. Over the past four decades, we've printed over 145 million guidebooks and grown a dedicated, passionate global community of travellers. You'll also find our content online, and in mobile apps, video, 14 languages, nine international magazines, armchair and lifestyle books, ebooks, and more. 'Lonely Planet guides are, quite simply, like no other.' New York Times 'Lonely Planet. It's on everyone's bookshelves, it's in every traveller's hands. It's on mobile phones. It's on the Internet. It's everywhere, and it's telling entire generations of people how to travel the world.' Fairfax Media Australia Source Nielsen BookScan Australia, UK, USA, 5 2016 4 2017 eBook Features Best viewed on tablet devices and smartphones Downloadable PDF and offline maps prevent roaming and data charges Effortlessly navigate and jump between maps and reviews Add notes to personalise your guidebook experience Seamlessly flip between pages Bookmarks and speedy search capabilities get you to key pages in a flash Embedded links to recommendations' websites Zoom in maps and images Inbuilt dictionary for quick referencing Important Notice The digital edition of this book may not contain all of the images found in the physical edition."
"Out to Eat London 2002 Lonely Planet Out to Eat by Lonely Planet Mark Honan. Lonely Planet's Out to Eat writers continue their exciting culinary journey with Paris, London and San Francisco as their next destinations. Join their travels around the brightest and best restaurant tables, through backstreet cafe strips, local haunts and hangouts, bars and beyond."
Three Nights in August Strategy Heartbreak and Joy Inside the Mind of a Manager by H.G. Bissinger. No description available
"Cryptonomicon by Neal Stephenson. With this extraordinary first volume in what promises to be an epoch making masterpiece, Neal Stephenson hacks into the secret histories of nations and the private obsessions of men, decrypting with dazzling virtuosity the forces that shaped this century. As an added bonus, the e book edition of this New York Times bestseller includes an excerpt from Stephenson's new novel, Seveneves. In 1942, Lawrence Pritchard Waterhouse mathematical genius and young Captain in the U.S. Navy is assigned to detachment 2702. It is an outfit so secret that only a handful of people know it exists, and some of those people have names like Churchill and Roosevelt. The mission of Waterhouse and Detachment 2702 commanded by Marine Raider Bobby Shaftoe is to keep the Nazis ignorant of the fact that Allied Intelligence has cracked the enemy's fabled Enigma code. It is a game, a cryptographic chess match between Waterhouse and his German counterpart, translated into action by the gung ho Shaftoe and his forces. Fast forward to the present, where Waterhouse's crypto hacker grandson, Randy, is attempting to create a data haven in Southeast Asia a place where encrypted data can be stored and exchanged free of repression and scrutiny. As governments and multinationals attack the endeavor, Randy joins forces with Shaftoe's tough as nails granddaughter, Amy, to secretly salvage a sunken Nazi submarine that holds the key to keeping the dream of a data haven afloat. But soon their scheme brings to light a massive conspiracy with its roots in Detachment 2702 linked to an unbreakable Nazi code called Arethusa. And it will represent the path to unimaginable riches and a future of personal and digital liberty...or to universal totalitarianism reborn. A breathtaking tour de force, and Neal Stephenson's most accomplished and affecting work to date, Cryptonomicon is profound and prophetic, hypnotic and hyper driven, as it leaps forward and back between World War II and the World Wide Web, hinting all the while at a dark day after tomorrow. It is a work of great art, thought and creative daring the product of a truly iconoclastic imagination working with white hot intensity."
"Le R seau Kinakuta Cryptonomicon 2 by Neal Stephenson. Ce sous marin allemand de la Seconde Guerre mondiale transporte t il seulement le secret de la Machine Enigma ? Ou bien le plus fabuleux des tr sors nazis que le r seau Kinakuta va s'efforcer de d tourner ? C'est de la r ponse que vont d pendre notre pr sent et notre avenir. Et plus encore les destins de personnages aussi fabuleux qu'incroyables comme Alan surin, Rudolf von Hacklheber, Bobby Shaftoe et Goto Dengo. Certains existent et d'autres pas. Mais le savent ils vraiment ? Voici le deuxi me volet d'un livre culte, entre science fiction, espionnage et uchronie, science dure et cauchemar psych d lique. Avec Le Samoura virtuel et L'Age de diamant Prix Hugo , puis Le Code Enigma Cryptonomicon 1 , Neal Stephenson s'impose comme le plus inventif, le plus blouissant des nouveaux auteurs am ricains."
"The Confusion The Baroque Cycle 2 by Neal Stephenson. Get all three novels in Neal Stephenson's New York Times bestselling Baroque Cycle in one e book, including Quicksilver, The Confusion, and The System of the World. This three volume historical epic delivers intrigue, adventure, and excitement set against the political upheaval of the early 18th century."
"Quicksilver The Baroque Cycle 1 by Neal Stephenson. Neal Stephenson is one of America's most collectible authors. The ever growing number of his devoted readers has created a huge demand for signed and first trade editions of his works. With Quicksilver The Deluxe Limited Edition, William Morrow presents the first limited edition ever published of Neal Stephenson's work. Limited to a single edition of just 1,000 copies, the book is a beautifully designed example of the art of bookbinding. Each volume will be numbered and signed by Neal Stephenson. Collectors and readers alike will welcome the chance to add this handsome volume to their Neal Stephenson collection. Limited to an edition of 1,000 copies never to be reprinted. Completely redesigned from the trade hardcover in a larger format 7 x 10 . Each book numbered and signed by the author. Each volume hand bound in Japanese silk. Each volume housed in a handsome slipcase featuring a die cut aperture for the Quicksilver icon and covered in the same Japanese silk. The slipcase will also feature a silk ribbon pull for easy removal. Matching signed limited editions of the second and third volumes of Stephenson's Baroque Cycle will be published by William Morrow at six month intervals."
"The Cobweb by Neal Stephenson J. Frederick George. A thought provoking new thriller set in the tense moments of the Gulf War. When Clyde Banks, an Iowan Deputy with a newborn baby and a wife in the Gulf, starts looking into odd events in his town, he discovers a plot involving a new Triangle Trade of terrorists, chemical warfare, and training. Mixing the events staged in Washington, D.C. and those happening in the Gulf, a strange thread of deceit appears to be winding its way back to Iowa. From the Paperback edition."
"The Big U by Neal Stephenson. The New York Times Book Review called Neal Stephenson's most recent novel electrifying and hilarious . but if you want to know Stephenson was doing twenty years before he wrote the epic Cryptonomicon, it's back to school time. Back to The Big U, that is, a hilarious send up of American college life starring after years our of print, The Big U is required reading for anyone interested in the early work of this singular writer."
"The Diamond Age Or A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer by Neal Stephenson Pedro Jorge Romero. Decades into our future, a stone's throw from the ancient city of Shanghai, a brilliant nanotechnologist named John Percival Hackworth has just broken the rigorous moral code of his tribe, the powerful neo Victorians. He's made an illicit copy of a state of the art interactive device called A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer. Commissioned by an eccentric duke for his grandchild, stolen for Hackworth's own daughter, the Primer's purpose is to educate and raise a girl capable of thinking for herself. It performs its function superbly. Unfortunately for Hackworth, his smuggled copy has fallen into the wrong hands. Young Nell and her brother Harv are thetes members of the poor, tribeless class. Neglected by their mother, Harv looks after Nell. When he and his gang waylay a certain neo Victorian John Percival Hackworth in the seamy streets of their neighborhood, Harv brings Nell something special the Primer. And from the moment she opens the book, her life is changed. She enters a fairy tale in which she is the heroine, challenged with traversing an enchanted world in search of the fabled twelve keys. If successful, she could emerge with untold wisdom and power. Following the discovery of his crime, Hackworth begins an odyssey of his own. Expelled from the neo Victorian paradise, squeezed by agents of Protocol Enforcement on one side and a Mandarin underworld crime lord on the other, he searches for an elusive figure known as the Alchemist. His quest and Nell's will ultimately lead them to another seeker whose fate is bound up with the Primer a woman who holds the key to a vast, subversive information network that is destined to decode and reprogram the future of humanity."
"Interface by Neal Stephenson George F. Jewsbury Stephen Bury. Cognetics and the locus of attention Meanings, modes, monotony, and myths Quantification Unification Navigation and other aspects of humane interfaces Interface issues outside the user interface."
Odalisque The Baroque Cycle Vol. 1 Book 3 by Neal Stephenson. No description available
"Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson Guy Abadia. Now featuring never before seen material, the brilliantly realized The New York Times Book Review breakthrough novel from visionary author Neal Stephenson, a modern classic that predicted the metaverse and inspired generations of Silicon Valley innovators Hiro lives in a Los Angeles where franchises line the freeway as far as the eye can see. The only relief from the sea of logos is within the autonomous city states, where law abiding citizens don t dare leave their mansions. Hiro delivers pizza to the mansions for a living, defending his pies from marauders when necessary with a matched set of samurai swords. His home is a shared 20 X 30 U Stor It. He spends most of his time goggled in to the Metaverse, where his avatar is legendary. But in the club known as The Black Sun, his fellow hackers are being felled by a weird new drug called Snow Crash that reduces them to nothing more than a jittering cloud of bad digital karma and IRL, a vegetative state . Investigating the Infocalypse leads Hiro all the way back to the beginning of language itself, with roots in an ancient Sumerian priesthood. He ll be joined by Y.T., a fearless teenaged skateboard courier. Together, they must race to stop a shadowy virtual villain hell bent on world domination."
Harrington on Hold 'em Expert Strategy for No Limit Tournaments Volume II The Endgame by Dan Harrington Bill Robertie. Players who want to win and win big. Book jacket.
"Harrington on Hold 'em Expert Strategy for No Limit Tournaments Volume I Strategic Play by Dan Harrington Bill Robertie. Provides poker strategies for every phase of tournament play, covering the early phase where the stakes are small to later tactics such as bluffing, flops, scare cards, playing shorthanded, loose games, and endgame play."
"The Design of Everyday Things by Donald A. Norman. Even the smartest among us can feel inept as we fail to figure out which light switch or oven burner to turn on, or whether to push, pull, or slide a door. The fault, argues this ingenious even liberating book, lies not in ourselves, but in product design that ignores the needs of users and the principles of cognitive psychology. The problems range from ambiguous and hidden controls to arbitrary relationships between controls and functions, coupled with a lack of feedback or other assistance and unreasonable demands on memorization. The Design of Everyday Things shows that good, usable design is possible. The rules are simple make things visible, exploit natural relationships that couple function and control, and make intelligent use of constraints. The goal guide the user effortlessly to the right action on the right control at the right time. In this entertaining and insightful analysis, cognitive scientist Don Norman hails excellence of design as the most important key to regaining the competitive edge in influencing consumer behavior. Now fully expanded and updated, with a new introduction by the author, The Design of Everyday Things is a powerful primer on how and why some products satisfy customers while others only frustrate them."
"Emotional Design Why We Love or Hate Everyday Things by Donald A. Norman. The author of The Design of Everyday Things links human emotions and perceptions to how we relate to ordinary objects as he explains why attractive things really do work better. 40,000 first printing."
"The Psychology of Everyday Things by Donald A. Norman. Even the smartest among us can feel inept as we fail to figure out which light switch or oven burner to turn on, or whether to push, pull, or slide a door. The fault, argues this ingenious even liberating book, lies not in ourselves, but in product design that ignores the needs of users and the principles of cognitive psychology. The problems range from ambiguous and hidden controls to arbitrary relationships between controls and functions, coupled with a lack of feedback or other assistance and unreasonable demands on memorization. The Design of Everyday Things shows that good, usable design is possible. The rules are simple make things visible, exploit natural relationships that couple function and control, and make intelligent use of constraints. The goal guide the user effortlessly to the right action on the right control at the right time. In this entertaining and insightful analysis, cognitive scientist Don Norman hails excellence of design as the most important key to regaining the competitive edge in influencing consumer behavior. Now fully expanded and updated, with a new introduction by the author, The Design of Everyday Things is a powerful primer on how and why some products satisfy customers while others only frustrate them."
"No Price Too High A Pentecostal Preacher Becomes Catholic The Inspirational Story of Alex Jones as Told to Diane Hanson by Alex C. Jones Diane M. Hanson Stephen K. Ray. Alex Jones was an on fire Penecostal minister in Detroit Who was a completely dedicated shepherd of his flock. He greatly loved his people and they loved him. In seeking to give his flock the most genuine experience of the early Church prayer and worship services, he carefully read Scripture, the Fathers of the Church and writings of the early saints. The more he read, the more Alex came to the startling conclusion that the present day Catholic Church and the Holy Mass is the same exact worship service from the very early Church. Alex began to share his findings with his parish, and eventually Alex, and most of his parish, joined the Catholic Church. This is his incredible story of a black Penecostal minister's challenging and dramatic spiritual jounrey, and the flock that followed him. Today he preaches with his usual passion about Christ as a Catholic deacon! This book tells the story of Alex's life from his chidhood all the way to his conversion to Catholicism in 2001. It simultaneously tells the story of his wife, Donna, and her spiritual journey as well, which shows how they were not always on the same path during Alex's preparation for entering the Catholic Church. Each had to be personally, deeply convinced that this momentous, life changing and career changing spiritual decision was God's will for them."
"The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho Alan R. Clarke James Noel Smith. Every few decades a book is published that changes the lives of its readers forever. The Alchemist is such a book. With over two million copies sold in English and twenty one million copies worldwide, The Alchemist has established itself as a modern classic that will enchant and inspire readers for generations to come."
"The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho Alan R. Clarke zdemir nce. Every few decades a book is published that changes the lives of its readers forever. The Alchemist is such a book. With over two million copies sold in English and twenty one million copies worldwide, The Alchemist has established itself as a modern classic that will enchant and inspire readers for generations to come."
"Fullmetal Alchemist Vol. 9 Fullmetal Alchemist 9 by Hiromu Arakawa Akira Watanabe. Alchemy tore the Elric brothers bodies apart. Can their bond make them whole again? A hardcover collector s edition of one of the most beloved manga and anime of all time! Fully remastered with an updated translation and completely fresh lettering, and presented with color pages on large trim, archival quality paper, this gorgeous hardcover edition presents the timeless dark adventures of the Elric brothers as they were truly meant to be seen. Includes brand new cover art, with a new color insert and behind the scenes character sketches from author Hiromu Arakawa! In an alchemical ritual gone wrong, Edward Elric lost his arm and his leg, and his brother Alphonse became nothing but a soul in a suit of armor. Monster, human, friend and foe definitions blur when Ed is trapped in the belly of the beast with his enemies."
"Fullmetal Alchemist Vol. 3 Fullmetal Alchemist 3 by Hiromu Arakawa Akira Watanabe. Alchemy tore the Elric brothers bodies apart. Can their bond make them whole again? A hardcover, deluxe collector s edition of one of the most beloved manga and anime of all time! Fully remastered with an updated translation and completely fresh lettering, and presented with color pages on large trim archival quality paper, this gorgeous hardcover edition presents the timeless dark adventures of the Elric brothers as they were truly meant to be seen. Includes brand new cover art, with color insert and behind the scenes character sketches from author Hiromu Arakawa! In an alchemical ritual gone wrong, Edward Elric lost his arm and his leg, and his brother Alphonse became nothing but a soul in a suit of armor. When a dear friend is suddenly lost, a good mechanic can repair the brothers metal bodies, but nothing can repair their hearts."
"Fullmetal Alchemist Vol. 8 Fullmetal Alchemist 8 by Hiromu Arakawa Akira Watanabe. Alchemy tore the Elric brothers bodies apart. Can their bond make them whole again? A hardcover collector s edition of one of the most beloved manga and anime of all time! Fully remastered with an updated translation and completely fresh lettering, and presented with color pages on large trim, archival quality paper, this gorgeous hardcover edition presents the timeless dark adventures of the Elric brothers as they were truly meant to be seen. Includes brand new cover art, with a new color insert and behind the scenes character sketches from author Hiromu Arakawa! In an alchemical ritual gone wrong, Edward Elric lost his arm and his leg, and his brother Alphonse became nothing but a soul in a suit of armor. The scarred man who stalks the Elric brothers path reemerges, this time not as the bearer of vengeance, but as the one in karma s crosshairs."
"Fullmetal Alchemist Vol. 1 Fullmetal Alchemist 1 by Hiromu Arakawa Akira Watanabe. Alchemy the mystical power to alter the natural world something between magic, art, and science. When two brothers, Edward and Alphonse Elric, dabbled in this power to grant their dearest wish, one of them lost an arm and a leg...and the other became nothing but a soul locked into a body of living steel. Now Edward is a agent of the government, a slave of the military alchemical complex, using his unique powers to obey orders...even to kill. Except his powers aren't unique. The world has been ravaged by the abuse of alchemy. And in the pursuit of the ultimate alchemical treasure, the Philosopher's Stone, their enemies are even more ruthless than they are..."
"Fullmetal Alchemist Vol. 4 Fullmetal Alchemist 4 by Hiromu Arakawa Akira Watanabe. In an alchemical ritual gone wrong, Edward Elric lost his arm and his leg, and his brother Alphonse became nothing but a soul in a suit of armor. Equipped with mechanical auto mail limbs, Edward becomes a state alchemist, seeking the one thing that can restore his brother and himself...the legendary Philosopher's Stone. Trapped and injured in a secret alchemical laboratory, Edward Elric is at the mercy of his enemies, Lust and Envy. But they don't want him dead...they have other plans for him. As the laboratory goes up in flames, the brothers find themselves back at square one, with only an inkling of the massive scale of the Philosopher's Stone conspiracy. But then, Lieutenant Colonel Maes Hughes uncovers a shocking secret..."
The Illustrated Alchemist A Fable about Following Your Dream by Paulo Coelho Alan R. Clarke M bius. Publisher Description
"Fullmetal Alchemist Vol. 2 Fullmetal Alchemist 2 by Hiromu Arakawa Akira Watanabe. In an alchemical ritual gone wrong, Edward Elric lost his arm and his leg, and his brother Alphonse became nothing but a soul in a suit of armor. Equipped with mechanical auto mail limbs, Edward becomes a state alchemist, seeking the one thing that can restore his brother and himself...the legendary Philosopher's Stone. There are many types of alchemy in the world. Edward's commanding officer, Flame Alchemist Roy Mustang, can control fire. Shou Tucker, the Sewing Life Alchemist, specializes in the most difficult alchemy of all...biological transmutation, the ability to alter the tissue of living things. But no matter what their power, alchemists are still human. And when a mysterious killer begins stalking state alchemists, no one can escape his vengeance..."
"Pompeii by Robert Harris. The sudden destruction of Pompeii, Herculaneum and the surrounding Campanian countryside following the eruption of Vesuvius in AD 79 preserved the remarkable evidence that has made possible this reconstruction of the natural history of the local environment. Following the prototype of Pliny the Elder's Natural History, various aspects of the natural history of Pompeii are discussed and analyzed by a team of eminent scientists, many of whom have collaborated with Jashemski during her years of excavation of several gardens in the Vesuvian area. This volume brings together the work of geologists, soil specialists, paleobotanists, botanists, palaeontologists, biologists, chemists, dendrochronologists, ichthyologists, zoologists, ornithologists, mammalogists, herpetologists, entymologists, and archaeologists, affording a thorough picture of the landscape, flora, and fauna of the ancient sites. The detailed and rigorously scientific catalogues, which are copiously illustrated, provide a checklist of the flora and fauna upon which future generations of scholars can continue to build."
The Last Days of Pompeii by Edward Bulwer Lytton John Gregory Betancourt. No description available
"Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck. A controversial tale of friendship and tragedy during the Great Depression They are an unlikely pair George is small and quick and dark of face Lennie, a man of tremendous size, has the mind of a young child. Yet they have formed a family, clinging together in the face of loneliness and alienation. Laborers in California's dusty vegetable fields, they hustle work when they can, living a hand to mouth existence. For George and Lennie have a plan to own an acre of land and a shack they can call their own. When they land jobs on a ranch in the Salinas Valley, the fulfillment of their dream seems to be within their grasp. But even George cannot guard Lennie from the provocations of a flirtatious woman, nor predict the consequences of Lennie's unswerving obedience to the things George taught him. A thriller, a gripping tale . . . that you will not set down until it is finished. Steinbeck has touched the quick. The New York Times"
The Game Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists by Neil Strauss. No description available
"The Westing Game by Ellen Raskin. BE CLASSIC with The Westing Game, introduced by New York Times bestselling author Mac Barnett. NEWBERY MEDAL WINNER Ellen Raskin's unforgettable, timeless classic continues to be cherished by young readers of each new generation. A highly inventive mystery begins when sixteen unlikely people gather for the reading of the very strange will of the very rich Samuel W. Westing. They could become millionaires, depending on how they play a game. All they have to do is find the answer but the answer to what? The Westing game is tricky and dangerous, but the heirs play on through blizzards, burglaries, and bombings. Sam Westing may be dead ... but that won't stop him from playing one last game! Ellen Raskin has created a remarkable cast of characters in a puzzle knotted, word twisting plot filled with humor, intrigue, and suspense. Winner of the Boston Globe Horn Book Award An ALA Notable Book A School Library Journal One Hundred Books That Shaped the Century"
"The Egypt Game by Zilpha Keatley Snyder. The first time Melanie Ross meets April Hall, she s not sure they have anything in common. But she soon discovers that they both love anything to do with ancient Egypt. When they stumble upon a deserted storage yard, Melanie and April decide it s the perfect spot for the Egypt Game. Before long there are six Egyptians, and they all meet to wear costumes, hold ceremonies, and work on their secret code. Everyone thinks it s just a game until strange things start happening. Has the Egypt Game gone too far?"
"Memoirs of a Geisha by Arthur Golden. Captivating, minutely imagined . . . a novel that refuses to stay shut Newsweek , Memoirs of a Geisha is now released in a movie tie in edition."
"Memoirs of a Geisha A Portrait of the Film by David James Peggy Mulloy Rob Marshall Arthur Golden. A visual companion to the movie includes full color photographs, production drawings, and an exploration of how filmmakers re created the World War II era geisha district where Sayuri spent her formative years."
"Geisha of Gion by Mineko Iwasaki Rande Brown. A Kyoto geisha describes her initiation into an okiya at the age of four, the intricate training that made up most of her education, her successful career, and the traditions surrounding the geisha culture."
"Love As A Foreign Language 5 by J. Torres Eric Kim. When Joel agrees to teach in Korea, he absolutely hates it and can't wait to return to Canada, until he meets Hana."
"Jungle Love by Margaret Johnson Philip Prowse. The kiss was just amazing. I knew instantly that Ian was the one for me. 'You're lOvely,' he said. 'Absolutely lovely. But I can't do this. Not until I've broken things off with Caroline. It just wouldn't be fair.' On holiday in the Caribbean, Lisa and Jennifer are both attracted to Ian. And Ian likes both of them. But what about his girlfriend, Caroline? And then there's Pete."
"The 5 Love Languages The 5 Love Languages Journal by Gary Chapman. How did you do this week on keeping your mate's love tank full? Now you can keep track of your thoughts, feelings, progress, and your mate's love tank with the Five Love Languages Journal. Each section of the journal has a corresponding chapter head that follows the classic book by Dr. Gary Chapman. Following that is a quote for reflection, several thought provoking questions, and a relevant Scripture verse. Interspersed are areas for journaling about personal experience with love and loved ones. Use the entries to spark communication, or to keep as a private retreat. Duotone faux leather appeals to men and women."
"Angels Demons Robert Langdon 1 by Dan Brown. The Bible mentions angels nearly 300 times, yet until recently many doubted their existence."
"ngeles y demonios Robert Langdon 1 by Dan Brown. Robert Langdon es convocado en un centro de investigacion suizo para analizar un misterioso simbolo marcado a fuego en el pecho de un fisico asesinado. El experto en simbologia descubre el resurgimiento de una antigua hermandad secreta los illuminati, que han emergido de las sombras para llevar a cabo la frase final de su legendaria venganza contra su enemigo mas odiado... la Iglesia catolica."
"Angeles Demonios by Dan Brown Ra l Amundaray. Winner of the J. B. Jackson Prize from the Association of American Geographers Three centuries ago, the Los Angeles River meandered through marshes and forests of willow and sycamore. Trout spawned in its waters and grizzly bears roamed its shores. The bountiful environment the river helped create supported one of the largest concentrations of Indians in North America. Today, the river is made almost entirely of concrete. Chain link fence and barbed wire line its course. Shopping carts and trash litter its channel. Little water flows in the river most of the year, and nearly all that does is treated sewage and oily street runoff. On much of its course, the river looks more like a deserted freeway than a river. The river's contemporary image belies its former character and its importance to the development of Southern California. Los Angeles would not exist were it not for the river, and the river was crucial to its growth. Recognizing its past and future potential, a potent movement has developed to revitalize its course. The Los Angeles River offers the first comprehensive account of a river that helped give birth to one of the world's great cities, significantly shaped its history, and promises to play a key role in its future."
"The Da Vinci Code Robert Langdon 2 by Dan Brown. Robert Langdon menerima telepon misterius yang mengundangnya ke Museum Louvre Paris pada tengah malam. Sesampai di sana, yang ditemui Langdon adalah mayat telanjang sang kurator museum dengan posisi dan tato aneh di perutnya. Langdon terkejut ketika menyadari bahwa teka teki itu mengarah ke misteri terbesar sepanjang sejarah yang petunjuknya tersembunyi dalam karya karya Da Vinci. Misteri tentang persaudaraan rahasia yang melibatkan nama nama besar. Persaudaraan yang menjaga sebuah fakta sejarah yang sangat mengejutkan. Fakta yang bisa mengguncang keyakinan miliaran manusia di dunia. Dengan bantuan kriptolog Sophie Neveu, Langdon berusaha memecahkan misteri itu sambil berusaha menghindari kejaran polisi sepanjang Paris, London, dan kota lainnya. Langdon harus segera memecahkan misteri itu dan mengalahkan musuh tersembunyi yang menghadang di setiap langkah mereka dan mengancam nyawa. Mizan, Mizan Publishing, Novel, Misteri, Thriller, Terjemahan, Indonesia"
"The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown. Robert Langdon menerima telepon misterius yang mengundangnya ke Museum Louvre Paris pada tengah malam. Sesampai di sana, yang ditemui Langdon adalah mayat telanjang sang kurator museum dengan posisi dan tato aneh di perutnya. Langdon terkejut ketika menyadari bahwa teka teki itu mengarah ke misteri terbesar sepanjang sejarah yang petunjuknya tersembunyi dalam karya karya Da Vinci. Misteri tentang persaudaraan rahasia yang melibatkan nama nama besar. Persaudaraan yang menjaga sebuah fakta sejarah yang sangat mengejutkan. Fakta yang bisa mengguncang keyakinan miliaran manusia di dunia. Dengan bantuan kriptolog Sophie Neveu, Langdon berusaha memecahkan misteri itu sambil berusaha menghindari kejaran polisi sepanjang Paris, London, dan kota lainnya. Langdon harus segera memecahkan misteri itu dan mengalahkan musuh tersembunyi yang menghadang di setiap langkah mereka dan mengancam nyawa. Mizan, Mizan Publishing, Novel, Misteri, Thriller, Terjemahan, Indonesia"
"Da Vinci Code Robert Langdon 2 by Dan Brown Daniel Roche. Robert Langdon menerima telepon misterius yang mengundangnya ke Museum Louvre Paris pada tengah malam. Sesampai di sana, yang ditemui Langdon adalah mayat telanjang sang kurator museum dengan posisi dan tato aneh di perutnya. Langdon terkejut ketika menyadari bahwa teka teki itu mengarah ke misteri terbesar sepanjang sejarah yang petunjuknya tersembunyi dalam karya karya Da Vinci. Misteri tentang persaudaraan rahasia yang melibatkan nama nama besar. Persaudaraan yang menjaga sebuah fakta sejarah yang sangat mengejutkan. Fakta yang bisa mengguncang keyakinan miliaran manusia di dunia. Dengan bantuan kriptolog Sophie Neveu, Langdon berusaha memecahkan misteri itu sambil berusaha menghindari kejaran polisi sepanjang Paris, London, dan kota lainnya. Langdon harus segera memecahkan misteri itu dan mengalahkan musuh tersembunyi yang menghadang di setiap langkah mereka dan mengancam nyawa. Mizan, Mizan Publishing, Novel, Misteri, Thriller, Terjemahan, Indonesia"
"Deception Point by Dan Brown. On the eve of a presidential race in which NASA's budget is a pivotal issue, the space agency announces the discovery of an ancient meteorite filled with fossils deep in the Arctic ice."
"A Killing Rain Louis Kincaid 6 by P.J. Parrish. A deep freeze is bearing down on the Florida Everglades. For Detective Louis Kincaid, the coldest night of the year brings a grisly discovery that will lead him into a nightmarish battle of wits with a ruthless predator."
"The Millionaire Next Door The Surprising Secrets of America's Wealthy by Thomas J. Stanley William D. Danko. Reveals that the accumulation of wealth in the United States is most often done through hard work, diligent savings, and living a frugal lifestyle"
"Think and Grow Rich The Landmark Bestseller Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century by Napoleon Hill. The bestselling success book of all time now revised and updated for the 21st century. Think and Grow Rich has been called the Granddaddy of All Motivational Literature. It was the first book to boldly ask, What makes a winner? The man who asked and listened for the answer, Napoleon Hill, is now counted in the top ranks of the world's winners himself. The most famous of all teachers of success spent a fortune and the better part of a lifetime of effort to produce the Law of Success philosophy that forms the basis of his books and that is so powerfully summarized in this one. In the original Think and Grow Rich, published in 1937, Hill draws on stories of Andrew Carnegie, Thomas Edison, Henry Ford, and other millionaires of his generation to illustrate his principles. In the updated version, Arthur R. Pell, Ph.D., a nationally known author, lecturer, and consultant in human resources management and an expert in applying Hill's thought, deftly interweaves anecdotes of how contemporary millionaires and billionaires, such as Bill Gates, Mary Kay Ash, Dave Thomas, and Sir John Templeton, achieved their wealth. Outmoded or arcane terminology and examples are faithfully refreshed to preclude any stumbling blocks to a new generation of readers."
"Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill. Read yourself into a fortune with this time tested classic that teaches you invaluable money making secrets. Over 15 million copies sold worldwide! This book could be worth a million dollars to you. Andrew Carnegie attributed his great fortune to his discovery of a magic formula for success. Carnegie demonstrated its soundness when his coaching brought wealth to those young men to whom he had disclosed his secret. Think and Grow Rich teaches you that secret and the secrets of other distinguished achievers like him. It shows you not only what to do but also how to do it. If you learn and apply the simple basic techniques revealed here, you will have mastered the secret of true and lasting success and you may have whatever you want in life!"
"Pragmatic Version Control Using Subversion The Pragmatic Starter Kit Series by Mike Mason. This book covers the theory behind version control and how it can help developers become more efficient, work better as a team, and keep on top of software complexity. Version control, done well, is your undo button for the project nothing is final, and mistakes are easily rolled back. This book describes Subversion 1.3, the latest and hottest open source version control system, using a recipe based approach that will get you up and running quickly and correctly. Learn how to use Subversion the right way the pragmatic way. With this book, you can Keep all project assets safe not just source code and never run the risk of losing a great ideaKnow how to undo bad decisions even directories and symlinks are versionedLearn how to share code safely, and work in parallel for maximum efficiencyInstall Subversion and organize, administer and backup your repositoryShare code over a network with Apache, svnserve, or sshCreate and manage releases, code branches, merges and bug fixesManage 3rd party code safelyUse all the latest Subversion 1.3 features including locking and path based security, and much more! Now there's no excuse not to use professional grade version control."
"Read My Lips Sexual Subversion and the End of Gender by Riki Anne Wilchins. Riki Anne Wilchins has written the book that may take the discussion of gender over the top. Read My Lips Sexual Subversion and the tend of Gender, a frontal assault on both the status quo in academic studies and the full spectrum of single issue identity politics, will change the way you think about bodies, sex, and gender. Yours and everyone else's.Combining the theoretical breakthroughs of Judith Butler's Gender Trouble and the performance revelations of Kate Bornstein's Gender Outlaw, Wilchins cofounder of the Transsexual Menace moves the dialogue to a new level. In a voice that is by turns outraged, outrageous, sad, and hilarious, the author weaves theory and personal experience into a compelling story of self discovery. She redefines what it means to be gendered , both by the way she lives and the accessible theoretical narrative she constructs.Read My Lips, with its unique mix of theory and application, anecdote and affront, will appeal to feminists, queer academics, activists, transpeople, the queer on the street , and the increasing audience of mainstream readers hungry for writing that pushes the absolute edge of the gender envelope.OUT Magazine says that the author has surfaced as the Superhero of this burgeoning transgender movement . Wilchins, herself, signs off on her email as follows Just your average straight white guy with a cunt who really digs lezzie chicks like me . Rarely have smarts and chutzpah produced such good effect."
"Trump The Art of the Deal by Donald J. Trump Tony Schwartz. President Donald J. Trump lays out his professional and personal worldview in this classic work a firsthand account of the rise of America s foremost deal maker. I like thinking big. I always have. To me it s very simple If you re going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big. Donald J. Trump Here is Trump in action how he runs his organization and how he runs his life as he meets the people he needs to meet, chats with family and friends, clashes with enemies, and challenges conventional thinking. But even a maverick plays by rules, and Trump has formulated time tested guidelines for success. He isolates the common elements in his greatest accomplishments he shatters myths he names names, spells out the zeros, and fully reveals the deal maker s art. And throughout, Trump talks really talks about how he does it. Trump The Art of the Deal is an unguarded look at the mind of a brilliant entrepreneur the ultimate read for anyone interested in the man behind the spotlight. Praise for Trump The Art of the Deal Trump makes one believe for a moment in the American dream again. The New York Times Donald Trump is a deal maker. He is a deal maker the way lions are carnivores and water is wet. Chicago Tribune Fascinating . . . wholly absorbing . . . conveys Trump s larger than life demeanor so vibrantly that the reader s attention is instantly and fully claimed. Boston Herald A chatty, generous, chutzpa filled autobiography. New York Post"
"The Richest Man in Babylon by George S. Clason. Before you stretches your future as a road that leads far away. Along that road are ambitions you want to fulfill desires you want to gratify.To bring your ambitions and desires to fruition, you must succeed with money. Use the financial principles clarified in the following pages. Let them guide you away from the narrowness of a meager purse toward the fuller, happier life that a full purse makes possible.Like the law of gravity, they are universal and immutable. May they prove for you, as they have proved for so many others, a sure key to a fat purse, larger bank balances and rewarding financial progress.BEHOLD, MONEY IS ABUNDANT FOR THOSE WHO UNDERSTAND THE SIMPLE RULES OF ITS ACQUISITION.1. Start filling your portfolio2. Control your spending3. Make your gold multiply4. Protect your treasures from loss5. Make your home a profitable investment6. Secure future income7. Increase your ability to earn income"
"Shibumi by Trevanian Gisela Stege. Gold Medal Winner, Business Fable, 2012 Axiom Business Book Awards A personal leadership fable on applying principles of Zen to work life choices. The Shibumi Strategy is a little book about a big breakthrough. It tells the story of a hardworking family man who finds himself in crisis when his company closes. Through his struggle, and guidance from unlikely sources, he learns subtle lessons in the form of personal zen principles, coming to understand that it is often the involuntary challenge, the setbacks, that harbor the power to transform. When approached as an opportunity no easy task when simple survival is the first order of business unforeseen trials can sometimes result in an altogether new lease on life. Shows how personal leadership can lead to real and not always easy breakthroughs Includes key lessons on commitment, preparation, struggle, breakthrough, and transformation Is based on Shibumi, a Japanese word without literal definition that describes the height of personal excellence, elegant performance, and effortless effectiveness. For those struggling with personal breakthroughs, The Shubimi Strategy offers a new way to face work and life challenges for balanced solutions."
"1776 by David McCullough. One of the half dozen most important books ever written about the American Revolution. New York Times Book Review During the nearly two decades since its publication, this book has set the pace, furnished benchmarks, and afforded targets for many subsequent studies. If ever a work of history merited the appellation 'modern classic,' this is surely one. William and Mary Quarterly A brilliant and sweeping interpretation of political culture in the Revolutionary generation. New England Quarterly This is an admirable, thoughtful, and penetrating study of one of the most important chapters in American history. Wesley Frank Craven"
"1776 by Peter Stone Sherman Edwards. One of the half dozen most important books ever written about the American Revolution. New York Times Book Review During the nearly two decades since its publication, this book has set the pace, furnished benchmarks, and afforded targets for many subsequent studies. If ever a work of history merited the appellation 'modern classic,' this is surely one. William and Mary Quarterly A brilliant and sweeping interpretation of political culture in the Revolutionary generation. New England Quarterly This is an admirable, thoughtful, and penetrating study of one of the most important chapters in American history. Wesley Frank Craven"
The Crescent Obscured The United States and the Muslim World 1776 1815 by Robert J. Allison. No description available
"The Good Earth House of Earth 1 by Pearl S. Buck. The timeless Pulitzer Prize winning masterpiece following a humble farmer s journey through 1920s China returns with this beautifully repackaged edition that celebrates its nearly ninety years as an American classic. Travel to 1920s China, a time when the last emperor still ruled and the sweeping changes of the twentieth century were distant rumblings, with this timeless, evocative classic tale of the honest farmer Wang Lung and his family as they struggle to survive in the midst of vast political and social upheavals. Nobel Prize and Pulitzer Prize winner Pearl S. Buck traces the whole cycle of life its terrors, its passions, its ambitions, and rewards. A comment upon the meaning and tragedy of life as it is lived in any age in any quarter of the globe The New York Times , this brilliant novel beloved by millions is a universal tale of an ordinary family caught in the tide of history."
Purpose Driven Life For Commuters What on Earth Am I Here For? by Rick Warren. No description available
Fast Food Nation The Dark Side of the All American Meal by Eric Schlosser. No description available
Fast Food Nation What The All American Meal is Doing to the World by Eric Schlosser. No description available
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan by Lisa See. No description available
The Broker by John Grisham. No description available
The Power Broker Robert Moses and the Fall of New York by Robert A. Caro. No description available
"The Power Broker A Novel Christian Gillette 3 by Stephen W. Frey. Exposing high level governmental corruption, conspiracy, and murder has garnered plenty of attention for Christian Gillette, the young dynamo chairman of the famous New York private equity firm Everest Capital. Now the reputation he has built taking Everest to the top has been noticed beyond the boardrooms of high finance by powerful people with potentially devastating agendas. Christian s own attention is on Las Vegas, where he means to stake out a piece of the action by opening a new casino and launching an NFL franchise. But Sin City didn t get its nickname for nothing, and the mob soon makes it clear that Christian s company will have to pay if it wants to play in the nation s gaming capital. Christian has already taken on corporate pirates and cold blooded assassins and lived to tell about it, but crossing the underworld could do more than just kill his brilliant career. It could crush his chance to fulfill his late father s political legacy. Dynamic U.S. senator Jesse Ford is the odds on favorite to make history as the first black president. And the man he wants beside him in the red hot race for the White House is Christian Gillette. But Samuel Hewitt, a Texas mogul with billions to burn, has another fate in mind for Christian to be part of a shadow organization, powered by wealth and bound by dark secrets that has manipulated the course of American history for generations. As the pieces of Hewitt s plot fall into place, and a twisted chain of intrigue, treachery, blackmail, and death gets tighter and tighter, Christian realizes maybe too late that in a grudge match between kingmakers hell bent on victory at all costs, he may be the last pawn sacrificed. With The Power Broker, bestselling author Stephen Frey unleashes an ever accelerating thriller that breaks the suspense barrier and never stops."
Body For Life 12 Weeks to Mental and Physical Strength by Bill Phillips Michael D'Orso. No description available
"Body for Life for Women A Woman's Plan for Physical and Mental Transformation by Pamela Peeke Cindy Crawford. Drawing from cutting edge research in gender based medicine, women's health expert and best selling author Dr. Pamela Peeke tailors the original Body for Life program to the unique obstacles women face. With stunning before and after photos and testimonials providing motivation and inspiration, Body for Life for Women features a 12 week Mind Mouth Muscle eating, exercise, and emotional health program for women to help them achieve optimal health during their hormonal milestones."
"Eating for Life Your Guide to Great Health Fat Loss and Increased Energy! by Bill Phillips. Did you truly enjoy the food you ate today? Do you really like the way you look and feel? Are you consistently enjoying great health and high energy?Bill Phillips, author of the 1 New York Times bestseller Body for LIFE, believes your answer to all of the above questions should be, Yes! He feels that food should be a source of pure pleasure. A source of positive, abundant energy! A sure thing in a world of much uncertainty.Phillips, who's widely regarded as today's most successful fitness author, has firm beliefs which go against the grain of today's popular weight loss methods. Diets, all of them, are potentially dangerous, most always dumb and ultimately a dead end street! he insists. Eventually, anyone and everyone who's at all concerned with their health must learn how to feed their body, not how to starve it. Instead, Phillips encourages a safe and sound solution which includes eating balanced, nutrient rich meals, frequently throughout the day. This is whatworks in the long run, he explains.Rich with common sense and science, Eating for Life has rhyme and reason. It is specific. There are very clear dos and don'ts which help people enjoy food and improve their overall fitness.Bill's approach, which he calls the Eating for Lifestyle, has already helped thousands of people break free from the dieting dilemma and discover that, contrary to pop culture belief, food is friend, not foe. Used intelligently, it nourishes the body and mind, satisfies the appetite, calms cravings, renews health and lifts energy.Like Bill Phillips' Body for LIFE, this is a tell it like it is book. There's no promise of a quick fix. No metabolic tricks or so called miracles. Just straightforward, clear, concise, practical and appropriate principles for eating right... for life."
"The Warren Buffett Way by Robert G. Hagstrom Bill Miller Kenneth L. Fisher. Warren Buffett is the most famous investor of all time and one of today s most admired business leaders. He became a billionaire and investment sage by looking at companies as businesses rather than prices on a stock screen. The first two editions of The Warren Buffett Way gave investors their first in depth look at the innovative investment and business strategies behind Buffett's spectacular success. The new edition updates readers on the latest investments by Buffett. And, more importantly, it draws on the new field of behavioral finance to explain how investors can overcome the common obstacles that prevent them from investing like Buffett. New material includes How to think like a long term investor just like Buffett Why loss aversion , the tendency of most investors to overweight the pain of losing money, is one of the biggest obstacles that investors must overcome. Why behaving rationally in the face of the ups and downs of the market has been the key to Buffett's investing success Analysis of Buffett's recent acquisition of H.J. Heinz and his investment in IBM stock The greatest challenge to emulating Buffett is not in the selection of the right stocks, Hagstrom writes, but in having the fortitude to stick with sound investments in the face of economic and market uncertainty. The new edition explains the psychological foundations of Buffett's approach, thus giving readers the best roadmap yet for mastering both the principles and behaviors that have made Buffett the greatest investor of our generation."
The Warren Buffett CEO Secrets from the Berkshire Hathaway Managers by Robert P. Miles Tom Osborne. No description available
"Monkey Business True Story of the Scopes Trial by Marvin N. Olasky John R. Perry. Media coverage at the time of the Scopes trial was far from accurate. This book sets the record straight, revealing how inaccuracies distorted the view of the Christian faith."
"Junie B. Jones and a Little Monkey Business Junie B. Jones 2 by Barbara Park Denise Brunkus. Hilarious. Barbara Park makes reading fun. Dav Pilkey, author of Dog Man Barbara Park s 1 New York Times bestselling chapter book series, Junie B. Jones, has been keeping kids laughing and reading for more than twenty five years. Over 65 million copies sold! Meet the World s Funniest Kindergartner Junie B. Jones! In the second Junie B. Jones book, it s pooey on B A B I E S until Junie B. finds out that her new dumb old baby brother is a big fat deal. Her two bestest friends are giving her everything they own just to see him. And guess what else? Maybe she can bring him to school on Pet Day. USA Today Junie B. is the darling of the young reader set. Publishers Weekly Park convinces beginning readers that Junie B. and reading are lots of fun. Kirkus Reviews Junie s swarms of young fans will continue to delight in her unique take on the world. . . . A hilarious, first rate read aloud. Time Junie B. Jones is a feisty six year old with an endearing penchant for honesty."
"Monkey Business by Sarah Mlynowski. Author Heather A. Wandell, after observing thousands of hours of human workplace behavior and hundreds of hours of monkey behavior, discovered there is a connection! In Monkey Business, she compares the monkeys behavior to the human behavior and offers unique business and personal life practices to help to move your life forward. A compilation of previously published columns, these lessons revolve around the themes of creating an environment where possibility thrives, acknowledging our shared humanity, getting along, communicating with awareness, evolving our business paradigm, and opening to optimism. Monkey Business can help you to put a new practice into your life that may bring relief to your own mental suffering shift energy in your workplace or personal life break down barriers realize you are the agent for change in your life consider a new possibility gain a new understanding of relationships increase your flow of creativity notice teachers are everywhere give a second chance at life. The lessons taught in Monkey Business guide you to take responsibility for being the creator of your stories, your life, and your experiencean ongoing process that takes steadfast, mindful practice."
Liar's Poker by Michael Lewis. No description available
Liar's Poker A Harry Garnish Mystery by Frank McConnell. No description available
Risotto 30 Simply Delicious Vegetarian Recipes from an Italian Kitchen by Ursula Ferrigno Jason Lowe Maxine Clark. No description available
Giada's Family Dinners by Giada De Laurentiis Victoria Pearson. No description available
Everyday Italian 125 Simple and Delicious Recipes by Giada De Laurentiis. No description available
Everyday Pasta by Giada De Laurentiis Victoria Pearson. No description available
"Tyler's Ultimate Brilliant Simple Food to Make Any Time by Tyler Florence Petrina Tinslay. The popular Food Network chef presents a selection of more than 125 sophisticated but accessible dishes, with recipes that range from Crisp Chicken Wings with Chile Lime Butter to Grilled Eggplant with Lemon, Yogurt, Pomegranate, and Mint, along with taste tempting new twists on familiar favorites. 75,000 first printing."
Tyler Florence's Real Kitchen An Indespensible Guide for Anybody Who Likes to Cook by Tyler Florence JoAnn Cianciulli Bill Bettencourt Bobby Flay. No description available
Eat This Book Cooking with Global Fresh Flavors by Tyler Florence Petrina Tinslay. No description available
Freakonomics A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything by Steven D. Levitt Stephen J. Dubner. No description available
Freakonomics Un economista pol ticamente incorrecto explora el lado oculto de lo que nos afecta by Steven D. Levitt Stephen J. Dubner. No description available
"The Last Assassin John Rain 5 by Barry Eisler. When John Rain learns that his former lover, Midori, has been raising their child in New York, he senses a chance for reconciliation, perhaps even redemption. But Midori is being watched by Rain's enemies, and his sudden appearance put mother and child in terrible danger."
Life of Pi by Yann Martel. No description available
L'Histoire de Pi by Yann Martel Nicole Martel Emile Martel. No description available
"Shadows and Wind A View of Modern Vietnam by Robert Templer. In Shadows and Wind, Robert Templer paints a fascinating and fresh picture of a country usually viewed with hazy nostalgia or deep suspicion. Here is Hanoi, an increasingly tense and troubled city approaching its millennium but uncertain of its direction. Here are people emerging from a long wilderness of malnutrition, discovering a new lifestyle of leisure and luxury. And everywhere are the anomalies that burst the bubble of optimism a vastly expensive luxury hotel sitting empty in an unknown town six hours from an international airport museums crammed with fake exhibits. And there remains the one party Communist state, still wrapped in secrecy and corruption, and making for an uneasy bedfellow with the rapacious capitalism it now encourages.Drawing on hundreds of interviews in Vietnam and years of research, Robert Templer has produced the first in depth examination of the problems facing modern Vietnam. Shadows and Wind is essential reading for anyone who wants to understand the Vietnam that now has emerged from a century of conflict with both foreign powers and with itself."
A Million Little Pieces by James Frey. No description available
A Million Little Pieces of Feces by Python Bonkers. No description available
A Million Little Lies by James Pinocchio Pablo Fenjves. No description available
The Leadership Challenge by James M. Kouzes Barry Z. Posner. No description available
Lincoln on Leadership Executive Strategies for Tough Times by Donald T. Phillips. No description available
Leadership in Organizations by Gary Yukl. For undergraduate and graduate level courses in Leadership or Managerial Effectiveness. This text provides the most comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
Leadership by Rudolph W. Giuliani. No description available
Men Are from Mars Women Are from Venus by John Gray. No description available
Mars and Venus Book of Days 365 Inspriations to Enrich Your Relationships by John Gray. No description available
"How to Succeed with Women by Ron Louis David Copeland. The scrious, no holds barred answer to The Rules gives single and divorced men a step by step guide on how to succeed romantically with women. Contains advice on everything from flirting and grooming, to courtship, establishing intimacy, and maintaining a relationship. This is an invaluable source of information and guidance for any man unsure of the ground rules of the new dating game ."
"The Clan of the Cave Bear Earth's Children 1 by Jean M. Auel. This novel of awesome beauty and power is a moving saga about people, relationships, and the boundaries of love. Nominated as one of America s best loved novels by PBS s The Great American Read Through Jean M. Auel s magnificent storytelling we are taken back to the dawn of modern humans, and with a girl named Ayla we are swept up in the harsh and beautiful Ice Age world they shared with the ones who called themselves The Clan of the Cave Bear. A natural disaster leaves the young girl wandering alone in an unfamiliar and dangerous land until she is found by a woman of the Clan, people very different from her own kind. To them, blond, blue eyed Ayla looks peculiar and ugly she is one of the Others, those who have moved into their ancient homeland but Iza cannot leave the girl to die and takes her with them. Iza and Creb, the old Mog ur, grow to love her, and as Ayla learns the ways of the Clan and Iza s way of healing, most come to accept her. But the brutal and proud youth who is destined to become their next leader sees her differences as a threat to his authority. He develops a deep and abiding hatred for the strange girl of the Others who lives in their midst, and is determined to get his revenge. This eBook includes the full text of the novel plus the following additional content An Earth s Children series sampler including free chapters from the other books in Jean M. Auel s bestselling series A Q A with the author about the Earth s Children series"
Moneyball The Art of Winning an Unfair Game by Michael Lewis. No description available
Juiced Official Strategy Guide by Doug Walsh. No description available
The 48 Laws of Power by Robert Greene Joost Elffers. No description available
Gates of Fire by Steven Pressfield. No description available
"Fire Sea The Death Gate Cycle 3 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. Abarrach, the Realm of stone. Here, on a barren world of underground caverns built around a core of molten lava, the lesser races humans, elves, and dwarves seem to have all died off. Here, too, what may well be the last remnants of the once powerful Sartan still struggle to survive. For Haplo and Alfred enemies by heritage, traveling companions by necessity Abarrach may reveal more than either dares to discover about the history of Sartan... and the future of all their descendants."
The Gate of Fire Oath Of Empire Book Two by Thomas Harlan. No description available
The Afghan Campaign by Steven Pressfield. No description available
Tides of War by Steven Pressfield. No description available
Last of the Amazons by Steven Pressfield. No description available
The War of Art Break Through the Blocks Win Your Inner Creative Battles by Steven Pressfield Robert McKee. No description available
"Gita on the Green by Stephen J. Rosen Steven Pressfield. Use copy in Blurb1Deep in India's past, Lord Krishna revealed the 700 verse Bhagavad Gita, a spiritual poem containing universal, nonsectarian truths. In 1995, Steven Pressfield decided to introduce the Bhagavad Gita to a contemporary audience, so he restructured the Gita in terms of a golf novel, The Legend of Bagger Vance. As he says, In the Gita the troubled warrior Arjuna receives instruction from Krishna, Supreme Lord of the Universe, who has assumed human form as Arjuna's charioteer. Instead of a troubled warrior, it's a troubled golf champion Ranulph Junah instead of his charioteer, it's his caddie Bagger Vance. Now a major motion picture directed by Robert Redford and starring Matt Damon and Will Smith, The Legend of Bagger Vance is loosely based on the ancient Hindu epic. Steven Rosen, in Gita on the Green The Mystical Tradition Behind Bagger Vance, draws the story out further using some thirty years of Gita scholarship and a writing style that is both eloquent and thorough. Rosen takes us on a colorful journey into the golf world of Bagger Vance, as well as into the spiritual realm of Bhagavan Sri Krishna. By the end of the journey, one realizes that one has just read a commentary on the Bhagavad Gita while hitting a hole in one."
Blood Stripes The Grunt's View of the War in Iraq by David J. Danelo Steven Pressfield. No description available
Phaedrus and Letters VII and VIII by Plato Walter Hamilton. No description available
Phaedrus by Plato Robin Waterfield. No description available
"Phaedrus by Plato C.J. Rowe. A superb translation that captures the rhetorical brilliance of the Greek. . . . The translation is faithful in the very best sense it reflects both the meaning and the beauty of the Greek text. . . . The footnotes are always helpful, never obtrusive. A one page outline is useful since there are no editorial additions to mark major divisions in the dialogue. An appendix containing fragments of early Greek love poetry helps the reader appreciate the rich, and perhaps elusive, meaning of eros. . . . The entire Introduction is crisply written, and the authors' erudition shines throughout, without a trace of pedantry. . . . this is an excellent book that deservedly should find wide circulation for many years to come. Tim Mahoney, University of Texas at Arlington Paul Woodruff is Professor of Philosophy, University of Texas at Austin."
"Lysis Phaedrus Symposium Plato on Homosexuality by Plato Benjamin Jowett. And when the other is beside him, he shares his respite from anguish when he is absent, he likewise shares his longing and being longed for, since he possesses that counterlove which is the image of love, though he supposes it to be friendship rather than love, and calls it by that name from the Phaedrus . The nature of love and friendship and their varying manifestations have stimulated philosophical interest for centuries. How should we understand such concepts as the beloved, physical beauty, the beauty that transcends the physical, and the power of love between men as the ancient Greeks understood it? In these three dialogues, the Lysis, Phaedrus, and Symposium, Socrates, the gadfly of Athens, searches for the truth about love and friendship. In doing so, he reveals how his Athenian contemporaries regarded homosexual love as an educative, aesthetic, and social force."
Enthusiasm and Divine Madness by Josef Pieper Richard Winston Clara Winston. No description available
On Love Lysis Symposium Phaedrus Alcibiades Selections from Republic Laws by Plato C.D.C. Reeve. No description available
Gorgias Phaedrus Agora by Plato James H. Nichols Jr.. No description available
"Statesman by Plato C.J. Rowe. The Statesman Plato Plato's Statesman, A Philosophical Discussion, is the second volume in the Plato Dialogue Project series. Like the volume before it, Plato's Philebus, A Philosophical Discussion, it offers a comprehensive philosophical analysis of the entire dialogue it treats. The present volume divides the Statesman into argumentatively self contained sections, each one of which is scrutinized thoroughly.This style of treatment proves particularly useful for the Statesman, an acutely perplexing dialogue that deals with many and seemingly unconnected themes such as leadership of a state and the best from of constitution politeia , philosophical methodology and epistemology, the doctrine of due measure to metrion , the dialectical practice of collection and division and ancillary investigative methods such as the use of myth and models paradeigmata .The present volume discusses all issues the dialogue raises while abstaining from making an overarching claim on the dialogue as a whole, other than the one implied by the notion that all its parts are interrelated, equally important philosophically, and together constitute a unified whole. The aim is to bring to the forefront each one of the dialogue's many themes and devote to it the attention that will permit it to stake its claim to be part of a unified philosophical work. In this respect,the present volume challenges the readers to come to their own view on how the dialogue hangs together as a whole, but only after having gone through a comprehensive philosophical discussion of and reflection on its constitutive parts."
Gorgias by Plato Walter Hamilton Chris Emlyn Jones. No description available
The Histories by Herodotus Aubrey de S lincourt John M. Marincola. No description available
The History Great Minds by Herodotus Henry Francis Cary. No description available
"The Histories by Herodotus Carolyn Dewald Robin Waterfield. The story of the Greek city states uniting to repel a superior Persian army is the main theme in this classical narrative, but Herodotus fleshes out his text with digressions, describing the wonders of Egypt and recounting stories and folk tales."
"The Histories by Herodotus Aubrey de S lincourt Andrew Robert Burn. The story of the Greek city states uniting to repel a superior Persian army is the main theme in this classical narrative, but Herodotus fleshes out his text with digressions, describing the wonders of Egypt and recounting stories and folk tales."
The Histories by Herodotus Jennifer Tolbert Roberts Walter Blanco. No description available
"The Histories by Herodotus Edward Henry Blakeney George Rawlinson Rosalind Thomas. The story of the Greek city states uniting to repel a superior Persian army is the main theme in this classical narrative, but Herodotus fleshes out his text with digressions, describing the wonders of Egypt and recounting stories and folk tales."
The History by Herodotus Peter Grene. No description available
The Iliad by Homer Robert Fagles Bernard Knox. No description available
Iliad by Homer Stanley Lombardo Sheila Murnaghan. No description available
The Iliad by Homer Robert Fitzgerald Andrew Ford. No description available
"The Iliad The Odyssey by Homer Robert Fagles Bernard Knox. Actors will each play 18 to 32 characters. On a simple stage, with the clock ticking in front of everyone?s eyes, the cast speeds through all of Greek mythology plus the Iliad and the Odyssey. This fast, funny, modernized version is easy for today's audiences to understand."
The Iliad by Homer E.V. Rieu Peter Jones D.C.H. Rieu. No description available
"The Iliad by Homer W.H.D. Rouse. Wilson s Iliad is clear and brisk, its iambic pentameter a zone of enchantment. Ange Mlinko, London Review of Books The greatest literary landmark of antiquity masterfully rendered by the most celebrated translator of our time. When Emily Wilson s translation of The Odyssey appeared in 2017 revealing the ancient poem in a contemporary idiom that was fresh, unpretentious and lean Madeline Miller, Washington Post critics lauded it as a revelation Susan Chira, New York Times and a cultural landmark Charlotte Higgins, Guardian that would forever change how Homer is read in English. Now Wilson has returned with an equally revelatory translation of Homer s other great epic the most revered war poem of all time. The Iliad roars with the clamor of arms, the bellowing boasts of victors, the fury and grief of loss, and the anguished cries of dying men. It sings, too, of the sublime magnitude of the world the fierce beauty of nature and the gods grand schemes beyond the ken of mortals. In Wilson s hands, this thrilling, magical, and often horrifying tale now gallops at a pace befitting its legendary battle scenes, in crisp but resonant language that evokes the poem s deep pathos and reveals palpably real, even complicated, characters both human and divine. The culmination of a decade of intense engagement with antiquity s most surpassingly beautiful and emotionally complex poetry, Wilson s Iliad now gives us a complete Homer for our generation."
The Essential Iliad by Homer Sheila Murnaghan Stanley Lombardo. No description available
The Odyssey by Homer Robert Fagles Bernard Knox. No description available
"The Odyssey by Homer Robert Fitzgerald D.S. Carne Ross. The Odyssey, translated by T. E. Lawrence, an epic 12,000 line poem composed over 2,700 years ago, is the first adventure story in Western literature. It describes the ten year wanderings of Odysseus in his quest to return home after the Trojan War. Hounded by the sea god Poseidon and championed by the goddess Athene, he encounters giants, sorceresses, and sea monsters before finally reaching his beloved Ithaca. There he must endure the taunts of the Suitors to his queen, Penelope, who have taken up residence in his palace. At once enchanting fairy tale and gripping drama, the Odyssey is eminently readable, not least for the rich complexity and magnetism of its hero. An inspiration to writers as diverse as Virgil, Swift, and Joyce, the Odyssey has proved enormously influential and continues to captivate readers of all ages."
The Odyssey by Homer Richmond Lattimore. No description available
The Odyssey by Homer E.V. Rieu Peter Jones D.C.H. Rieu. No description available
The Odyssey by Homer W.H.D. Rouse. No description available
Aeneid Selections from Books 1 2 4 6 10 12 by Virgil Barbara Weiden Boyd. No description available
Eclogues. Georgics. Aeneid Books 1 6 by Virgil Henry Rushton Fairclough G.P. Goold. No description available
"City Eclogue by Ed Roberson. The third in a series that explores cultural and ethical values in Classical antiquity, this volume examines the dichotomy between 'city' and 'country' in ancient Greek and Roman cultures. Fourteen papers address a variety of topics on this theme, and include a variety of methodological approaches archaeological, iconographic, literary and philosophical. The book demonstrates that, despite a common rhetoric of polarity in antiquity that tended to construct city and countryside as very distinct, oppositional categories, there was far less consistency and far more nuance about the ideologies felt to inhere in each."
The Eclogues and The Georgics by Virgil Cecil Day Lewis. No description available
Paul Kirk's Championship Barbecue Sauces 175 Make Your Own Sauces Marinades Dry Rubs Wet Rubs Mops and Salsas by Paul Kirk. No description available
The Complete Pelican Shakespeare by William Shakespeare Stephen Orgel A.R. Braunmuller. No description available
The Complete Works by William Shakespeare. No description available
"Hamlet by William Shakespeare Harold Bloom Rex Gibson. Hamlet is Shakespeare's most popular, and most puzzling, play. It follows the form of a revenge tragedy, in which the hero, Hamlet, seeks vengeance against his father s murderer, his uncle Claudius, now the king of Denmark. Much of its fascination, however, lies in its uncertainties. Among them What is the Ghost Hamlet's father demanding justice, a tempting demon, an angelic messenger? Does Hamlet go mad, or merely pretend to? Once he is sure that Claudius is a murderer, why does he not act? Was his mother, Gertrude, unfaithful to her husband or complicit in his murder? The authoritative edition of Hamlet from The Folger Shakespeare Library, the trusted and widely used Shakespeare series for students and general readers, is now available as an eBook. Features include The exact text of the printed book for easy cross reference Hundreds of hypertext links for instant navigation Freshly edited text based on the best early printed version of the play Full explanatory notes conveniently placed on pages facing the text of the play Scene by scene plot summaries A key to famous lines and phrases An introduction to reading Shakespeare s language Illustrations from the Folger Shakespeare Library s vast holdings of rare books An essay by a leading Shakespeare scholar providing a modern perspective on the play"
The Compleat Works of Wllm Shkspr abridged by Reduced Shakespeare Company Adam Long Daniel Singer Jess Winfield. No description available
"The Pilgrimage A Contemporary Quest for Ancient Wisdom by Paulo Coelho Alan R. Clarke. On a legendary road across Spain, travelled by pilgrims of San Tiago, we find Paulo Coelho on a contemporary quest for ancient wisdom. This journey becomes a truly initiatory experience, and Paulo Coelho is transformed forever as he learns to understand the nature of truth through the simplicity of life. 'The Pilgrimage' has a very important place in the work of Paulo Coelho, not just because it is the first of his major books, after which came 'The Alchemist', but because of the complete way in which it expresses the humanity of his philosophy and the depth of his search. Paulo Coelho's visionary blend of mysticism, magical realism and folklore makes this an adventure story with a difference."
The Valkyries by Paulo Coelho Alan R. Clarke. No description available
Warrior of the Light by Paulo Coelho. No description available
The Zahir by Paulo Coelho Margaret Jull Costa. No description available
"By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept by Paulo Coelho Alan R. Clarke. A parable set against the backdrop of the French Pyrenees follows an independent but restless young woman whose life is changed forever by an encounter with a childhood friend, now a mesmerizing seminarian and rumored miracle worker."
"The Fifth Mountain by Paulo Coelho Clifford E. Landers. More ambitious than The Alchemist. A thought provoking tale. TIME magazine In The Fifth Mountain, Paulo Coelho takes us back to the ninth century, to the turbulent Middle East, where the prophet Elijah is struggling to keep his faith alive in a world of constant upheaval, tyrannical royalty, and pagan gods. Elijah s story is a lesson in persistence, an exercise in hope, and a journey you will never forget. Inspired by a circumstance that forever altered Coelho s own life, The Fifth Mountain is a testament to the truth that tragedy in life should not be considered a punishment, but a challenge of the spirit. Gripping in its narrative and graceful in its prose, The Fifth Mountain teaches and inspires like no other novel. This is a timeless story for the ages, a tale of the past that resonates powerfully today."
"Veronika Decides to Die by Paulo Coelho Margaret Jull Costa K muran ipal. Veronika has everything she could wish for, but she is not happy. Something is lacking, and one morning she decides to die. She takes an overdose, only to wake up in hospital where she realises she has only days to live. The story follows Veronika through these intense days."
"Hamlet by William Shakespeare Stephen Orgel A.R. Braunmuller. Hamlet is Shakespeare's most popular, and most puzzling, play. It follows the form of a revenge tragedy, in which the hero, Hamlet, seeks vengeance against his father s murderer, his uncle Claudius, now the king of Denmark. Much of its fascination, however, lies in its uncertainties. Among them What is the Ghost Hamlet's father demanding justice, a tempting demon, an angelic messenger? Does Hamlet go mad, or merely pretend to? Once he is sure that Claudius is a murderer, why does he not act? Was his mother, Gertrude, unfaithful to her husband or complicit in his murder? The authoritative edition of Hamlet from The Folger Shakespeare Library, the trusted and widely used Shakespeare series for students and general readers, is now available as an eBook. Features include The exact text of the printed book for easy cross reference Hundreds of hypertext links for instant navigation Freshly edited text based on the best early printed version of the play Full explanatory notes conveniently placed on pages facing the text of the play Scene by scene plot summaries A key to famous lines and phrases An introduction to reading Shakespeare s language Illustrations from the Folger Shakespeare Library s vast holdings of rare books An essay by a leading Shakespeare scholar providing a modern perspective on the play"
Cliffs Notes on Shakespeare's Hamlet by Carla Lynn Stockton. No description available
"Shakespeare's Hamlet by William Shakespeare Terri Mategrano. Shakespeare's famous tragedy is helpfully annotated and framed within several exciting contexts contemporary accounts of a spirit world, purgatory, revenge, and suicide, and reports of readers and critics fascinated with the character and dramatic performance of this most famous of Shakespeare's heroes. Elaborating upon the historical setting and the cultural ideas that helped shape Hamlet , Constance Jordan summons the issues and anxieties of the early sixteenth century to show why the play, and especially its hero, speaks so powerfully and so vitally to our own time. From publisher's description."
Hamlet's Mill An Essay Investigating the Origins of Human Knowledge and Its Transmission Through Myth by Giorgio De Santillana Hertha Von Dechend. A seminal work of scientific and philosophical exploration. It argues that our myths are remnants of an ancient astronomy suppressed by the Greeks and Romans and later forgotten. On the way it challenges basic assumptions of Western science and our theories of how ancient knowledge was passed along.
"History of the Peloponnesian War Bk. 1 2 by Thucydides C.F. Smith. The History of the Peloponnesian War Thucydides 'With icy remorselessness, it puts paid to any notion that the horrors of modern history might be an aberration for it tells of universal war, of terrorism, revolution and genocide' Tom Holland The long life and death struggle between Athens and Sparta plunged the ancient Greek world into decades of war. Thucydides was an Athenian and achieved the rank of general in the earlier stages of the war, and in this detailed, first hand contemporary account he writes as both a soldier and a historian. He applies a passion for accuracy and a contempt for myth and romance in compiling a factual record of a ruinous conflict that would eventually destroy the Athenian empire. Commonly acknowledged as one of the earliest first hand written accounts of history, this classic work chronicles the war between Athens and Sparta during the fifth century B.C. Its author, Thucydides, dispassionately and accurately describes the events of this ancient Greek war in a strict chronology which includes the causes of the conflict, descriptions of battlefield strategy, political opinions, and all other aspects of the war in the brilliant detail of an intellectual and observant eyewitness. Himself an Athenian general who served in the war, Thucydides relates the invasions, treacheries, plagues, amazing speeches, ambitions, virtues, and emotions of the conflict between two of Greece's most dominant city states in a work that has the feel of a great tragic drama. Though, in part an analysis of war policy, The History of the Peloponnesian War is also a dramatic account of the rise and fall of Athens by an Athenian. As such, it provides a historical warning for modern military, political, and international relations. This edition is translated by Richard Crawley and includes a biographical afterword."
"On Justice Power and Human Nature Selections from The History of the Peloponnesian War by Thucydides Paul Woodruff. Thucydides was the first ancient Greek historian to double as a social scientist. He set out to understand human events entirely in human terms, without recourse to myth. He sought to know why people go to war and how they are affected by its violence. He studied the civil war in Corcyra, which began when radicals burst into the council house and killed leaders who favored democracy. The strengths and weaknesses of democracy are a major theme of his History. Its larger story shows how the Athenians tried to expand their empire too far and came to a crushing defeat. Here are vivid stories of land and sea battles, interspersed with fascinating and disturbing debates about war and policy. All of Thucydides's History is here, either in summary or translation, in a volume short enough for a wide readership. This Second Edition is expanded to include all the important debates and battle scenes, and the entire translation has been revised in accord with the latest scholarship. The Essential Thucydides Hackett, fall 2021 is the second edition of Paul Woodruff's On Justice, Power, and Human Nature Selections from The History of the Peloponnesian War first published by Hackett Publishing Company in 1993, paperback ISBN 978 0 87220 168 2, cloth ISBN 978 0 87220 169 9 ."
History of the Peloponnesian War Bk. 5 6 by Thucydides C.F. Smith. No description available
"The Peloponnesian War by Thucydides Steven Lattimore. The History of the Peloponnesian War, which was fought between the Peloponnesian League led by Sparta and the Delian League led by Athens . It was written by Thucydides, an Athenian historian who also happened to serve as an Athenian general during the war. His account of the conflict is widely considered to be a classic and regarded as one of the earliest scholarly works of history. The History is divided into eight books."
"The Peloponnesian War A New Translation Backgrounds Interpretations by Thucydides Jennifer Tolbert Roberts Walter Blanco. Thomas Hobbes's translation of Thucydides brings together the magisterial prose of one of the greatest writers of the English language and the depth of mind and experience of one of the greatest writers of history in any language. . . . For every reason, the current availability of this great work is a boon. Joseph Cropsey, University of Chicago"
"History of the Peloponnesian War Bk. 7 8 by Thucydides C.F. Smith. The History of the Peloponnesian War Thucydides 'With icy remorselessness, it puts paid to any notion that the horrors of modern history might be an aberration for it tells of universal war, of terrorism, revolution and genocide' Tom Holland The long life and death struggle between Athens and Sparta plunged the ancient Greek world into decades of war. Thucydides was an Athenian and achieved the rank of general in the earlier stages of the war, and in this detailed, first hand contemporary account he writes as both a soldier and a historian. He applies a passion for accuracy and a contempt for myth and romance in compiling a factual record of a ruinous conflict that would eventually destroy the Athenian empire. Commonly acknowledged as one of the earliest first hand written accounts of history, this classic work chronicles the war between Athens and Sparta during the fifth century B.C. Its author, Thucydides, dispassionately and accurately describes the events of this ancient Greek war in a strict chronology which includes the causes of the conflict, descriptions of battlefield strategy, political opinions, and all other aspects of the war in the brilliant detail of an intellectual and observant eyewitness. Himself an Athenian general who served in the war, Thucydides relates the invasions, treacheries, plagues, amazing speeches, ambitions, virtues, and emotions of the conflict between two of Greece's most dominant city states in a work that has the feel of a great tragic drama. Though, in part an analysis of war policy, The History of the Peloponnesian War is also a dramatic account of the rise and fall of Athens by an Athenian. As such, it provides a historical warning for modern military, political, and international relations. This edition is translated by Richard Crawley and includes a biographical afterword."
Thucydides Book 6 Commentary by Cynthia W. Shelmerdine. Edition of the former part of Thucydides' account of the Sicilian Expedition that ended so catastrophically for Athens 415 413 BCE .
"Euripides I Alcestis The Medea The Heracleidae Hippolytus by Euripides Richmond Lattimore David Grene Rex Warner Ralph Gladstone. Euripides I contains the plays Alcestis, translated by Richmond Lattimore Medea, translated by Oliver Taplin The Children of Heracles, translated by Mark Griffith and Hippolytus, translated by David Grene. Sixty years ago, the University of Chicago Press undertook a momentous project a new translation of the Greek tragedies that would be the ultimate resource for teachers, students, and readers. They succeeded. Under the expert management of eminent classicists David Grene and Richmond Lattimore, those translations combined accuracy, poetic immediacy, and clarity of presentation to render the surviving masterpieces of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides in an English so lively and compelling that they remain the standard translations. Today, Chicago is taking pains to ensure that our Greek tragedies remain the leading English language versions throughout the twenty first century. In this highly anticipated third edition, Mark Griffith and Glenn W. Most have carefully updated the translations to bring them even closer to the ancient Greek while retaining the vibrancy for which our English versions are famous. This edition also includes brand new translations of Euripides Medea, The Children of Heracles, Andromache, and Iphigenia among the Taurians, fragments of lost plays by Aeschylus, and the surviving portion of Sophocles s satyr drama The Trackers. New introductions for each play offer essential information about its first production, plot, and reception in antiquity and beyond. In addition, each volume includes an introduction to the life and work of its tragedian, as well as notes addressing textual uncertainties and a glossary of names and places mentioned in the plays. In addition to the new content, the volumes have been reorganized both within and between volumes to reflect the most up to date scholarship on the order in which the plays were originally written. The result is a set of handsome paperbacks destined to introduce new generations of readers to these foundational works of Western drama, art, and life."
Euripides V Electra The Phoenician Women The Bacchae by Euripides David Grene Richmond Lattimore Emily Townsend Vermeule Elizabeth Wyckoff William Arrowsmith. No description available
Euripides IV Rhesus The Suppliant Women Orestes Iphigenia in Aulis by Euripides David Grene Richmond Lattimore William Arrowsmith Frank William Jones Charles R. Walker. No description available
"Grief Lessons Four Plays by Euripides by Anne Carson Euripides. Now in paperback. Euripides, the last of the three great tragedians of ancient Athens, reached the height of his renown during the disastrous Peloponnesian War, when democratic Athens was brought down by its own outsized ambitions. Euripides, the classicist Bernard Knox has written, was born never to live in peace with himself and to prevent the rest of mankind from doing so. His plays were shockers he unmasked heroes, revealing them as foolish and savage, and he wrote about the powerless women and children, slaves and barbarians for whom tragedy was not so much exceptional as unending. Euripides plays rarely won first prize in the great democratic competitions of ancient Athens, but their combustible mixture of realism and extremism fascinated audiences throughout the Greek world. In the last days of the Peloponnesian War, Athenian prisoners held captive in far off Sicily were said to have won their freedom by reciting snatches of Euripides latest tragedies. Four of those tragedies are presented here in new translations by the contemporary poet and classicist Anne Carson. They are Herakles, in which the hero swaggers home to destroy his own family Hekabe, set after the Trojan War, in which Hektor s widow takes vengeance on her Greek captors Hippolytos, about love and the horror of love and the strange tragic comedy fable Alkestis, which tells of a husband who arranges for his wife to die in his place. The volume also contains brief introductions by Carson to each of the plays along with two remarkable framing essays Tragedy A Curious Art Form and Why I Wrote Two Plays About Phaidra."
"Ten Plays by Euripides Moses Hadas John Maclean. A dazzlingly diverse anthology of thirty five short plays spanning the theatrical spectrum. A ten minute play is a blaze of theatrical energy. In this follow up to their groundbreaking collection Take Ten, editors Eric Lane and Nina Shengold have put together a veritable bonfire of talent. Take Ten II More 10 Minute Plays provides a fast track tour of the current theatrical landscape, from the slapstick ingenuity of David Ives Arabian Nights to the searing tension of Diana Son s 9 11 drama The Moon, Please, to Susan Miller s luminous fable The Grand Design. This remarkably diverse anthology includes thirty five short plays by such major American playwrights as Christopher Durang, Warren Leight, Romulus Linney and Donald Margulies, alongside a host of exciting new voices. Actors, directors, producers and teachers will find Take Ten II an invaluable source of meaty roles for people of every age, ethnicity and gender lovers of theatre will find it a richly satisfying read. These deceptively short plays throb with life in all its variety harrowing, hilarious, and breathtakingly vital. Playwrights included Taylor Mac Bowyer Laura Shaine Cunningham Anthony David Steven Dietz Christopher Durang Linda Eisenstein Simon Fill Craig Fols Sigrid Heath David Ives Caleen Sinnette Jennings Honour Kane Eric Lane Edward Bok Lee Warren Leight Romulus Linney Donald Margulies Susan Miller Chiori Miyagawa Itamar Moses Sean O'Connor Mark O'Donnell Dael Orlandersmith Rich Orloff Joe Pintauro Craig Pospisil Toni Press Coffman Claire Reeve Elaine Romero Susan Sandler Nina Shengold Diana Son Alison Weiss Mary Louise Wilson Garth Wingfield Alexander Woo From the Trade Paperback edition."
"Euripides III Hecuba Andromache The Trojan Women Ion Complete Greek Tragedies 7 by Euripides David Grene Richmond Lattimore William Arrowsmith John Frederick Nims Ronald Frederick Willetts. Euripides III contains the plays Heracles, translated by William Arrowsmith The Trojan Women, translated by Richmond Lattimore Iphigenia among the Taurians, translated by Anne Carson and Ion, translated by Ronald Frederick Willetts. Sixty years ago, the University of Chicago Press undertook a momentous project a new translation of the Greek tragedies that would be the ultimate resource for teachers, students, and readers. They succeeded. Under the expert management of eminent classicists David Grene and Richmond Lattimore, those translations combined accuracy, poetic immediacy, and clarity of presentation to render the surviving masterpieces of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides in an English so lively and compelling that they remain the standard translations. Today, Chicago is taking pains to ensure that our Greek tragedies remain the leading English language versions throughout the twenty first century. In this highly anticipated third edition, Mark Griffith and Glenn W. Most have carefully updated the translations to bring them even closer to the ancient Greek while retaining the vibrancy for which our English versions are famous. This edition also includes brand new translations of Euripides Medea, The Children of Heracles, Andromache, and Iphigenia among the Taurians, fragments of lost plays by Aeschylus, and the surviving portion of Sophocles s satyr drama The Trackers. New introductions for each play offer essential information about its first production, plot, and reception in antiquity and beyond. In addition, each volume includes an introduction to the life and work of its tragedian, as well as notes addressing textual uncertainties and a glossary of names and places mentioned in the plays. In addition to the new content, the volumes have been reorganized both within and between volumes to reflect the most up to date scholarship on the order in which the plays were originally written. The result is a set of handsome paperbacks destined to introduce new generations of readers to these foundational works of Western drama, art, and life."
Euripides II The Cyclops Heracles Iphigenia in Tauris Helen by Euripides David Grene Richmond Lattimore Witter Bynner William Arrowsmith. No description available
Medea and Other Plays by Euripides John Davie Richard Rutherford. Translated by John Davie with an Introduction and Notes by Richard Rutherford.
"Cyclops Alcestis Medea by Euripides David Kovacs. Euripides of Athens ca. 485 406 BCE , famous in every age for the pathos, terror, surprising plot twists, and intellectual probing of his dramatic creations, wrote nearly ninety plays. Of these, eighteen plus a play of unknown authorship mistakenly included with his works have come down to us from antiquity. In this first volume of a new Loeb edition of Euripides David Kovacs gives us a freshly edited Greek text of three plays and an accurate and graceful translation with explanatory notes. Alcestis is the story of a woman who agrees, in order to save her husband's life, to die in his place. Medea is a tragedy of revenge in which Medea kills her own children, as well as their father's new wife, to punish him for his desertion. The volume begins with Cyclops, a satyr play the only complete example of this genre to survive. Each play is preceded by an introduction. In a general introduction Kovacs demonstrates that the biographical tradition about Euripides parts of which view him as a subverter of morality, religion, and art cannot be relied on. He argues that this tradition has often furnished the unacknowledged starting point for interpretation, and that the way is now clear for an unprejudiced consideration of the plays themselves."
Medea by Euripides Donald J. Mastronarde. No description available
"The Bacchae and Other Plays by Euripides John Davie Richard Rutherford. Through their sheer range, daring innovation, flawed but eloquent characters and intriguing plots, the plays of Euripides have shocked and stimulated audiences since the fifth century BC. Phoenician Women portrays the rival sons of King Oedipus and their mother's doomed attempts at reconciliation, while Orestes shows a son ravaged with guilt after the vengeful murder of his mother. In the Bacchae, a king mistreats a newcomer to his land, little knowing that he is the god Dionysus disguised as a mortal, while in Iphigenia at Aulis, the Greek leaders take the horrific decision to sacrifice a princess to gain favour from the gods in their mission to Troy. Finally, the Rhesus depicts a world of espionage between the warring Greek and Trojan camps."
"Bakkhai by Euripides Reginald Gibbons Peter H. Burian. Regarded by many as Euripides' masterpiece, Bakkhai examines both the horror and the beauty of the religious ecstasy that Dionysos brings to Thebes. His offer of closeness to nature and freedom from the constraints of civilization, especially for women, excites bitter resistance as well as fanatical acceptance. Disguised as a young holy man and accompanied by his band of Asian worshipers, the god Dionysos arrives in Greece at Thebes, proclaims his godhood and his new religion, and drives the Theban women mad. When the Theban king, Pentheus, tries to imprison him, Dionysos afflicts Pentheus himself with madness and leads him, dressed as a bacchant, to the mountains, where his own mother, Agaue, and her companions tear him to pieces in an insane Bacchic frenzy."
"Plays 1 Medea The Phoenician Women Bacchae by Euripides David Thompson J. Michael Walton. Always controversial, Euripides' plays are now celebrated for the subtlety of their characterisation and their unorthodox dramatic style. This volume contains three of his finest tragedies Medea, the abandoned wife, who murders her own children The Phoenician Women, a further twist in the story of Oedipus and Jocasta and Bacchae, a macabre and complex play, about the power and irrationality of Dionysos. These translations are by David Thompson and J. Michael Walton Provided by publisher."
"The Trojan Women and Hippolytus by Euripides. Two literary classics of human self understanding The Trojan Women, one of the most powerful indictments of war ever written, and Hippolytus, a gripping depiction of the struggle to master human passion."
The Bacchae of Euripides A Communion Rite by Wole Soyinka. No description available
"Orestes and Other Plays by Euripides James Morwood Robin Waterfield. Written during the long battles with Sparta that were to ultimately destroy ancient Athens, these six plays by Euripides brilliantly utilize traditional legends to illustrate the futility of war. The Children of Heracles holds a mirror up to contemporary Athens, while Andromache considers the position of women in Greek wartime society. In The Suppliant Women, the difference between just and unjust battle is explored, while Phoenician Women describes the brutal rivalry of the sons of King Oedipus, and the compelling Orestes depicts guilt caused by vengeful murder. Finally, Iphigenia in Aulis, Euripides' last play, contemplates religious sacrifice and the insanity of war. Together, the plays offer a moral and political statement that is at once unique to the ancient world, and prophetically relevant to our own."
"Children of Heracles Hippolytus Andromache Hecuba by Euripides David Kovacs. One of Athens' greatest poets, Euripides has been prized in every age for the pathos, terror, surprising plot twists, and intellectual probing of his dramatic creations. Here are four of his plays in a new Loeb Classical Library edition. Hippolytus triumphed in the Athenian dramatic competition of 428 BCE in modern times it has been judged to be one of Euripides' masterpieces. It tells of the punishment that the goddess Aphrodite inflicts on a young man who refuses to worship her. Hecuba and Andromache recreate the tragic stories of two noble Trojan women after their city's fall. Children of Heracles, probably first produced in 430, soon after the Spartan invasion of Attica, celebrates an incident long a source of Athenian pride the city's protection of the sons and daughters of the dead Heracles. In this second volume of the new Loeb Euripides David Kovacs gives us a freshly edited Greek text facing an accurate and graceful prose translation. Explanatory notes clarify allusions and nuances, and a brief introduction to each play is provided."
Alcestis by Euripides William Arrowsmith. No description available
"Suppliant Women Electra Heracles by Euripides David Kovacs. One of antiquity's greatest poets, Euripides ca. 485 406 BCE has been prized in every age for the pathos, terror, surprising plot twists, and intellectual probing of his dramatic creations. Here, in the third volume of a new edition that is receiving much praise, are four of his plays. Suppliant Women reflects on war and on the rule of law. Euripides's Electra presenting the famous legend of a brother and sister who seek revenge on their mother for killing their father is a portrayal interestingly different from that of Aeschylus or Sophocles. Heracles shows the malice of the gods and mutual loyalty as the human response to divinely sent disaster. David Kovacs gives us a freshly edited Greek text and a new translation that, in the words of Greece and Rome, is close to the Greek and reads fluently and well."
"Medea by Euripides Georgia Ann Machemer Michael Collier. ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL AND ENDURING OF GREEK TRAGEDIES Along with Sophocles and Aeschylus, Euripides is regarded as one of the three great Greek tragedians from classical antiquity. One of his most important surviving dramas is Medea , which tells the story of the wife of Jason of the Argonauts, who seeks revenge upon her unfaithful husband when he abandons her for another bride. Medea centers on the myth of Jason, leader of the Argonauts, who has won the dragon guarded treasure of the Golden Fleece with the help of the sorceress Medea. Of divine descent, a niece of Circe and the granddaughter of the sun god Helios, she had the gift of prophecy. Now, having married Medea and fathered her two children, Jason abandons her for a more favorable match, never suspecting the terrible revenge she will take. This story is set in Corinth, sometime after Jason s quest for the Golden Fleece. Medea is raging against her husband s plans to marry Glauce, the daughter of Creon, King of Corinth. Jason tries to explain his plan to marry Glauce only to improve his status and afterwards intends to unify the two families with Medea as his mistress, but Medea is unconvinced and pursues her plan of murderous revenge. Euripides' masterly portrayal of Medea s motives which fiercely drive her pursuit of vengeance for her husband's insult and betrayal has held theater audiences spellbound for more than twenty centuries."
Euripides Medea by William Allan. Comprehensive edition of this classic play aimed at second year students and above.
"CliffsNotes on Euripides' Medea and Electra by Robert J. Milch. This CliffsNotes guide includes everything you ve come to expect from the trusted experts at CliffsNotes, including analysis of the most widely read literary works."
"Trojan Women Iphigenia Among the Taurians Ion by Euripides David Kovacs. One of antiquity's greatest poets, Euripides ca. 485 406 BCE has been prized in every age for the pathos, terror, surprising plot twists, and intellectual probing of his dramatic creations. Here, in the third volume of a new edition that is receiving much praise, is the text and translation of three of his plays. Trojan Women, a play about the causes and consequences of war, develops the theme of the tragic unpredictability of life. Iphigenia among the Taurians and Ion exhibit tragic themes and situations the murder of close relatives . Each ends happily with a joyful reunion. As in the first three volumes of this edition, David Kovacs gives us a freshly edited Greek text and an admired new translation that, in the words of Greece and Rome, is close to the Greek and reads fluently and well his introduction to each play and explanatory notes offer readers judicious guidance."
"Helen Phoenician Women Orestes by Euripides David Kovacs. Euripides has been prized in every age for the pathos, terror, surprising plot twists, and intellectual probing of his dramatic creations. In this fifth volume of the new Loeb Classical Library Euripides, David Kovacs presents a freshly edited Greek text and a faithful and deftly worded translation of three plays. For his Helen the poet employs an alternative history in which a virtuous Helen never went to Troy but spent the war years in Egypt, falsely blamed for the adulterous behavior of her divinely created double in Troy. This volume also includes Phoenician Women, Euripides' treatment of the battle between the sons of Oedipus for control of Thebes and Orestes, a novel retelling of Orestes' lot after he murdered his mother, Clytaemestra. Each play is annotated and prefaced by a helpful introduction."
"Euripides Iphigenia at Aulis Companions to Greek Roman Tragedy by Euripides Pantelis Michelakis. In this new student introduction to a Greek tragedy, Isabelle Torrance looks at what makes Iphigenia among the Taurians a successful tragedy in ancient Greek terms, and how dramatic excitement is achieved through the exotic setting, the cast of characters, and the chorus. Assuming no knowledge of Greek, and with students in mind, the central themes of ethnicity and gender relations are examined to show how Euripides manipulates established stereotypes. The play was one of Aristotle's favourites and his enthusiasm derived from the fact that, in spite of its ostensibly happy ending, the play presents the audience with an exquisitely constructed reversal of events when Iphigenia recognizes that she has been about to sacrifice her long lost brother, kin murder is avoided and the plot turns into an escape drama. Other significant concerns of the play surround ritual and the gods, and these are discussed to highlight how the drama asks probing theological questions. Finally, the vast reception history of the play in a variety of genres, such as ancient comedy, Roman philosophy, European opera, and 20th century theatre, is sketched out from antiquity to the present day."
The Complete Greek Tragedies Volume 3 Euripides by Euripides David Grene Richmond Lattimore. No description available
Aeschylus I Oresteia Agamemnon The Libation Bearers The Eumenides by Aeschylus David Grene Richmond Lattimore. No description available
Aeschylus II The Suppliant Maidens The Persians Seven against Thebes and Prometheus Bound The Complete Greek Tragedies by Aeschylus David Grene Richmond Lattimore Seth Benardete. No description available
"The Oresteia by Aeschylus Alan Shapiro Peter H. Burian. Highly acclaimed as translators of Greek and Sanskrit classics, respectively, David Grene and Wendy Doniger O'Flaherty here present a complete modern translation of the three plays comprising Aeschylus' Orestia and, with the assistance of director Nicholas Rudall, an abridged stage adaptation. This blanced and highly successful collaboration of scholars with a theater director solves the contemporary problems of translating and staging the Orestia, which originally was written to be performed in Athens in the first half of the fifth century B.C. While remaning faithful to the original Greek, Grene and O'Flaherty embrace a strong and adventurous English style, vivid and visceral. The language of this extraordinary translation, immediately accessible to a theater audience, speaks across the centuries. Premiered at Chicago's Court Theater in 1986 under Rudall's direction, the stage adaptation of the Orestia proved eminently playable. This new adaptation of the orestia offers a brilliant demonstration of how clearly defined goals here, the actor's needs can inspire translators to produce fresh, genuine, accessible dramatic texts. The resulting work provides complete and accurate texts for those who cannot read the original Greek, and it transforms the Orestia into an effective modern stage play. With interpretive introductions written by the translators and director, this new version will be welcomed by teachers of translation courses, by students of Greek and world drama in general, and by theater professionals."
"The Oresteia Agamemnon The Libation Bearers The Eumenides by Aeschylus Robert Fagles William Bedell Stanford. He who learns must suffer. Before setting out for the Trojan War, King Agamemnon sacrificed his daughter Iphigenia. Many years later, when Agamemnon returns to his palace, his adulterous Queen Clytemnestra takes her revenge by brutally murdering him and installing her lover on the throne. How will the gods judge Orestes, their estranged son, who must avenge his father's death by murdering his mother? The curse of the House of Atreus, passing from generation to generation, is one of the great myths of Western literature. In the hands of Aeschylus, the story enacts the final victory of reason and justice over superstition and barbarity. The original trilogy, comprising Agamemnon, The Libation Bearers and Eumenides, is distilled into one thrilling three act play in this magnificent new translation by award winning playwright Rory Mullarkey."
"Oresteia by Aeschylus Peter Meineck Helene P. Foley. Highly acclaimed as translators of Greek and Sanskrit classics, respectively, David Grene and Wendy Doniger O'Flaherty here present a complete modern translation of the three plays comprising Aeschylus' Orestia and, with the assistance of director Nicholas Rudall, an abridged stage adaptation. This blanced and highly successful collaboration of scholars with a theater director solves the contemporary problems of translating and staging the Orestia, which originally was written to be performed in Athens in the first half of the fifth century B.C. While remaning faithful to the original Greek, Grene and O'Flaherty embrace a strong and adventurous English style, vivid and visceral. The language of this extraordinary translation, immediately accessible to a theater audience, speaks across the centuries. Premiered at Chicago's Court Theater in 1986 under Rudall's direction, the stage adaptation of the Orestia proved eminently playable. This new adaptation of the orestia offers a brilliant demonstration of how clearly defined goals here, the actor's needs can inspire translators to produce fresh, genuine, accessible dramatic texts. The resulting work provides complete and accurate texts for those who cannot read the original Greek, and it transforms the Orestia into an effective modern stage play. With interpretive introductions written by the translators and director, this new version will be welcomed by teachers of translation courses, by students of Greek and world drama in general, and by theater professionals."
"Prometheus Bound and Other Plays by Aeschylus Philip Vellacott. Aeschylus 525 456 BC brought a new grandeur and epic sweep to the drama of classical Athens, raising it to the status of high art. In Prometheus Bound the defiant Titan Prometheus is brutally punished by Zeus for daring to improve the state of wretchedness and servitude in which mankind is kept. The Suppliants tells the story of the fifty daughters of Danaus who must flee to escape enforced marriages, while Seven Against Thebes shows the inexorable downfall of the last members of the cursed family of Oedipus. And The Persians, the only Greek tragedy to deal with events from recent Athenian history, depicts the aftermath of the defeat of Persia in the battle of Salamis, with a sympathetic portrayal of its disgraced King Xerxes. Philip Vellacott s evocative translation is accompanied by an introduction, with individual discussions of the plays, and their sources in history and mythology."
"The Oresteia by Aeschylus Ted Hughes. Highly acclaimed as translators of Greek and Sanskrit classics, respectively, David Grene and Wendy Doniger O'Flaherty here present a complete modern translation of the three plays comprising Aeschylus' Orestia and, with the assistance of director Nicholas Rudall, an abridged stage adaptation. This blanced and highly successful collaboration of scholars with a theater director solves the contemporary problems of translating and staging the Orestia, which originally was written to be performed in Athens in the first half of the fifth century B.C. While remaning faithful to the original Greek, Grene and O'Flaherty embrace a strong and adventurous English style, vivid and visceral. The language of this extraordinary translation, immediately accessible to a theater audience, speaks across the centuries. Premiered at Chicago's Court Theater in 1986 under Rudall's direction, the stage adaptation of the Orestia proved eminently playable. This new adaptation of the orestia offers a brilliant demonstration of how clearly defined goals here, the actor's needs can inspire translators to produce fresh, genuine, accessible dramatic texts. The resulting work provides complete and accurate texts for those who cannot read the original Greek, and it transforms the Orestia into an effective modern stage play. With interpretive introductions written by the translators and director, this new version will be welcomed by teachers of translation courses, by students of Greek and world drama in general, and by theater professionals."
"Aeschylus 1 The Oresteia Agamemnon The Libation Bearers The Eumenides by Aeschylus David R. Slavitt Smith Palmer Bovie. From the Penn Greek Drama Series, this volume offers translations by David Slavitt of the great trilogy of the House of Atreus, telling of Agamemnon's murder at the hands of his wife, Clytemnestra, and her lover, Aegisthus, and of Electra's rebelliousness and Orestes's ultimate revenge."
"The Complete Greek Tragedies Volume 1 Aeschylus by Aeschylus Richmond Lattimore David Grene. This work has been selected by scholars as being culturally important and is part of the knowledge base of civilization as we know it. This work is in the public domain in the United States of America, and possibly other nations. Within the United States, you may freely copy and distribute this work, as no entity individual or corporate has a copyright on the body of the work. Scholars believe, and we concur, that this work is important enough to be preserved, reproduced, and made generally available to the public. To ensure a quality reading experience, this work has been proofread and republished using a format that seamlessly blends the original graphical elements with text in an easy to read typeface. We appreciate your support of the preservation process, and thank you for being an important part of keeping this knowledge alive and relevant."
Aeschylus The Oresteia A Student Guide Landmarks of World Literature by Simon Goldhill. No description available
"The Oresteia Agamemnon Choephoroe Eumenides Everyman's Library No. 260 by Aeschylus George Thomson Richard Seaford. One of the founding documents of Western culture and the only surviving ancient Greek trilogy, the Oresteia of Aeschylus is one of the great tragedies of all time. The three plays of the Oresteia portray the bloody events that follow the victorious return of King Agamemnon from the Trojan War, at the start of which he had sacrificed his daughter Iphigeneia to secure divine favor. After Iphi geneia s mother, Clytemnestra, kills her husband in revenge, she in turn is murdered by their son Orestes with his sister Electra s encouragement. Orestes is pursued by the Furies and put on trial, his fate decided by the goddess Athena. Far more than the story of murder and ven geance in the royal house of Atreus, the Oresteia serves as a dramatic parable of the evolution of justice and civilization that is still powerful after 2,500 years. The trilogy is presented here in George Thomson s classic translation, renowned for its fidelity to the rhythms and richness of the original Greek."
"Aeschylus 2 The Persians Seven Against Thebes The Suppliants Prometheus Bound by Aeschylus David R. Slavitt Smith Palmer Bovie. A boon for classicists and general readers alike. For the reader who comes to tragedy for the first time, these translations are eminently 'accessible,' and consummately American in tone and feeling. For the classicist, these versions constitute an ambitious reinterpretation of traditional masterpieces after 2,500 years, the poetry of Euripides and Aeschylus has found a new voice in fact, ten of them. The Boston Book Review"
"The Oresteia Trilogy Agamemnon The Libation Bearers The Furies by Aeschylus E.D.A. Morshead. He who learns must suffer. Before setting out for the Trojan War, King Agamemnon sacrificed his daughter Iphigenia. Many years later, when Agamemnon returns to his palace, his adulterous Queen Clytemnestra takes her revenge by brutally murdering him and installing her lover on the throne. How will the gods judge Orestes, their estranged son, who must avenge his father's death by murdering his mother? The curse of the House of Atreus, passing from generation to generation, is one of the great myths of Western literature. In the hands of Aeschylus, the story enacts the final victory of reason and justice over superstition and barbarity. The original trilogy, comprising Agamemnon, The Libation Bearers and Eumenides, is distilled into one thrilling three act play in this magnificent new translation by award winning playwright Rory Mullarkey."
The Suppliant Maidens The Persians Seven against Thebes Prometheus Bound by Aeschylus E.D.A. Morshead. No description available
Sophocles II Ajax Women of Trachis Electra Philoctetes Complete Greek Tragedies 4 by Sophocles David Grene Richmond Lattimore John Moore Michael Jameson. No description available
"The Oedipus Plays of Sophocles Oedipus the King Oedipus at Colonus Antigone by Sophocles Paul Roche. Plays of Sophocles is a set of three plays by Sophocles, an ancient Greek tragedian whose plays have survived until modern times. Included are Oedipus the King, Oedipus at Colonus and Antigone."
"The Complete Plays by Sophocles Paul Roche. The first complete collection of the works of American playwright Susan Glaspell, this book includes all of the Pulitzer Prize winner's one act works. The book also features Glaspell's full length plays some of which are published here for the first time"
The Oedipus Cycle Oedipus Rex Oedipus at Colonus Antigone by Sophocles Robert Fitzgerald Dudley Fitts. No description available
"The Three Theban Plays Antigone Oedipus the King Oedipus at Colonus by Sophocles Robert Fagles Bernard Knox. The heroic Greek dramas that have moved theatergoers and readers since the fifth century B.C. Towering over the rest of Greek tragedy, the three plays that tell the story of the fated Theban royal family Antigone, Oedipus the King and Oedipus at Colonus are among the most enduring and timeless dramas ever written. Robert Fagles's authoritative and acclaimed translation conveys all of Sophocles's lucidity and power the cut and thrust of his dialogue, his ironic edge, the surge and majesty of his choruses and, above all, the agonies and triumphs of his characters. This Penguin Classics edition features an introduction and notes by the renowned classicist Bernard Knox. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up to date translations by award winning translators."
Theban Plays by Sophocles Peter Meineck Paul Woodruff. No description available
"The Theban Plays Everyman's Library 93 by Sophocles David Grene Charles Segal. Ancient Athens produced three great tragic writers Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides. Of the three Sophocles has in many ways remained the most accessible and may have had the most extensive influence on Western Culture, not least because Freud took from the Theban Plays the name and the idea of the Oedipus complex. Of Sophocles' hundred odd plays only seven have survived, of which three are printed here. The Theban Plays make up a trilogy as was common at the time, in which the story of Oedipus' downfall and its aftermath is explored in three stages."
"Electra and Other Plays by Sophocles E.F. Watling. Sophocles innovative plays transformed Greek myths into dramas featuring complex human characters, through which he explored profound moral issues. Electra portrays the grief of a young woman for her father Agamemnon, who has been killed by her mother s lover. Aeschylus and Euripides also dramatized this story, but the objectivity and humanity of Sophocles version provides a new perspective. Depicting the fall of a great hero, Ajax examines the enigma of power and weakness combined in one being, while the Women of Trachis portrays the tragic love and error of Heracles deserted wife Deianeira, and Philoctetes deals with the conflict between physical force and moral strength."
"Antigone Oedipus the Kingn Electra by Sophocles Edith Hall H.D.F. Kitto. Love and loyalty, hatred and revenge, fear, deprivation, and political ambition these are the motives which thrust the characters portrayed in these three Sophoclean masterpieces on to their collision course with catastrophe. Recognized in his own day as perhaps the greatest of the Greek tragedians, Sophocles's reputation has remained undimmed for two and a half thousand years. His greatest innovation in the tragic medium was his development of a central tragic figure, faced with a test of will and character, risking obloquy and death rather than compromise his or her principles it is striking that Antigone and Electra both have a woman as their intransigent hero'. Antigone dies rather than neglect her duty to her family, Oedipus's determination to save his city results in the horrific discovery that he has committed both incest and parricide, and Electra's unremitting anger at her mother and her lover keeps her in servitude and despair. These vivid translations combine elegance and modernity, and are equally suitable for reading or theatrical performance. Love and loyalty, hatred and revenge, fear, deprivation, and political ambition these are the motives which thrust the characters portrayed in these three Sophoclean masterpieces on to their collision course with catastrophe. Recognized in his own day as perhaps the greatest of the Greek tragedians, Sophocles' reputation has remained undimmed for two and a half thousand years. His greatest innovation in the tragic medium was his development of a central tragic figure, faced with a test of will and character, risking obloquy and death rather than compromise his or her principles it is striking that Antigone and Electra both have a woman as their intransigent 'hero'. Antigone dies rather neglect her duty to her family, Oedipus' determination to save his city results in the horrific discovery that he has committed both incest and parricide, and Electra's unremitting anger at her mother and her lover keeps her in servitude and despair. These vivid translations combine elegance and modernity, and are remarkable for their lucidity and accuracy. Their sonorous diction, economy, and sensitivity to the varied metres and modes of the original musical delivery make them equally suitable for reading or theatrical peformance."
"Oedipus Rex The Theban Plays 1 by Sophocles J.E. Thomas. The stirring tale of a legendary royal family's fall and ultimate redemption, the Theban trilogy endures as the crowning achievement of Greek drama. Essential reading for English and classical studies majors."
"The Oedipus Plays of Sophocles by Sophocles Paul Roche. The Oedipus Plays of Sophocles Oedipus the King Oedipus at Colonus Antigone Oedipus the King Oedipus the King , also known by its Latin title Oedipus Rex, is an Athenian tragedy by Sophocles that was first performed about 429 BC. It was the second in order of Sophocles's composition of his three Theban Plays dealing with Oedipus. Thematically, however, it was the first in the plays' historical chronology, followed by Oedipus at Colonus and then Antigone. Oedipus the King tells the story of Oedipus, a man who becomes the king of Thebes, whilst in the process unwittingly fulfilling a prophecy that he would kill his father Laius and marry his mother Jocasta. The play is an example of classic tragedy, putting emphasis upon how Oedipus's own faults contribute to his downfall as opposed to the portrayal of fate as the sole cause . Over the centuries, Oedipus the King has come to be regarded by many as the masterpiece of Greek tragedy. Oedipus at Colonus This is the second installment in Sophocles's Theban Plays that chronicles the tragic fates of Oedipus and his family. After fulfilling the prophecy that predicted he would kill his father and marry his mother, Oedipus blinds himself and leaves Thebes, to wander in the wilderness accompanied by his daughters Antigone and Ismene. Antigone This is the final installment in Sophocles's Theban Plays, following Oedipus Rex and Oedipus at Colonus. Oedipus's daughter Antigone deliberately breaks the laws of Thebes when she buries her brother's body and is sentenced to death. She clashes with Creon, the King of Thebes, over what constitutes justice and morality the laws of the state or the laws of the individual."
Oedipus Rex Greek and Latin Classics by Sophocles Roger D. Dawe. No description available
Oedipus the King by Sophocles Bernard Knox Cynthia Brantley Johnson. No description available
Four Plays The Clouds The Birds Lysistrata The Frogs by Aristophanes William Arrowsmith Richmond Lattimore Douglass Parker. No description available
Three Plays by Aristophanes Lysistrata Women at the Thesmophoria Assemblywomen by Aristophanes Jeffrey Henderson. No description available
"The Complete Plays by Aristophanes Moses Hadas. The first complete collection of the works of American playwright Susan Glaspell, this book includes all of the Pulitzer Prize winner's one act works. The book also features Glaspell's full length plays some of which are published here for the first time"
"Aristophanes 1 The Acharnians Peace Celebrating Ladies Wealth by Aristophanes David R. Slavitt. Directness, vivid imagery, and rhetorical music prevail."
"Clouds Wasps Birds Aristophanes 1 by Aristophanes Peter Meineck. Presents translations of three satirical plays along with information on staging, history, religious practice, myths, and issues raised by each play."
"Lysistrata and Other Plays by Aristophanes Alan H. Sommerstein. The Acharnians The Clouds Lysistrata 'We women have the salvation of Greece in our hands' Writing at a time of political and social crisis in Athens, the ancient Greek comic playwright Aristophanes was an eloquent, yet bawdy, challenger to the demagogue and the sophist. In Lysistrata and The Acharnians, two pleas for an end to the long war between Athens and Sparta, a band of women on a sex strike and a lone peasant respectively defeat the political establishment. The darker comedy of The Clouds satirizes Athenian philosophers, Socrates in particular, and reflects the uncertainties of a generation in which all traditional religious and ethical beliefs were being challenged. Translated with an Introduction and Notes by Alan H. Sommerstein"
Acharnians by Aristophanes Jeffrey Henderson. No description available
"Clouds by Aristophanes Kenneth James Dover. This publication is a presentation of cloud meteorology as experienced by a seasoned Aviation Meteorologist. It contains a comprehensive discussion of Cloud Meteorology, presenting explanations of cloud formation, cloud types and cloud dynamics, the atmospheric forces internal and external to cloud existence. It discusses the earths atmospheric chaotic nature and its impact on clouds and cloud systems. Clouds are visual indicators of the atmospheres dynamics and related weather phenomena, and, to some extent, predictors of coming weather conditions. Clouds are beautiful icons of nature and at the same time, complicated creatures studied by meteorology. It is the authors purpose to present the subject in a fashion comprehensible to both practicing meteorologists, and also the weather neophyte. This material requires no more than an avid interest in CLOUDS, and a grasp of the American language, to acquire much insight into the wonders of our cloud form nuturing atmosphere."
Clouds Wasps Peace by Aristophanes Jeffrey Henderson. No description available
Three Plays The Wasps The Poet and the Women The Frogs by Aristophanes David B. Barrett. No description available
"Four Comedies Lysistrata The Frogs The Birds Ladies' Day by Aristophanes Dudley Fitts. New English versions of Lysistrata, The Frogs, The Birds, and Ladies' Day. Thanks to Dudley Fitts...we can appreciate Aristophanes' vigor, his robust style, his scorching wit, his earthy humor, his devotion to honesty and his poetic imagination Brooks Atkinson, New York Times . Index."
Frogs Assemblywomen Wealth Loeb Classical Library 180 by Aristophanes Jeffrey Henderson. No description available
Cliffs Notes on Aristophanes' Lysistrata The Birds The Clouds The Frogs by W. John Campbell. A literary study guide that includes summaries and commentaries.
"Aristophanes and Athens An Introduction to the Plays by Douglas M. MacDowell. This accessible introduction to the work of one of the world's greatest comic writers tackles key questions posed by Aristophanes' plays, such as staging, humour, songs, obscene language, politics and the modern translation and performance of Aristophanic comedy. The book opens up exciting and contentious areas of Aristophanic scholarship in a way that is engaging and readily comprehensible to a non specialist audience, never losing sight of the fact that Aristophanes' plays are vibrant literary texts, designed primarily to appeal to a classical Athenian audience as pieces of living drama. Key to the book's appeal is that James Robson conceives of the plays as dynamic texts, containing a treasure trove of information not only about how they might have been performed and received in classical Athens, but also how they might be read and understood today. Most importantly, readers are given the tools and information to make their own minds up about the debates that still rage about Aristophanic comedy in the modern world."
"Lysistrata by Aristophanes Douglass Parker. Aristophanes helped shape comedy.... despite their often fantasical premises, were fairly consistently concerned with contemporary politics and social institutions. ... mildly aristocratic... patriotic ... suspicious of social innovation.... sympathetic to the struggles of the common people.... unrestrained in insult...exuberantly bawdy."
"Peace by Aristophanes S. Douglas Olson. When the stakes of public words and actions are global and permanent, and especially when they involve war and peace, can we afford not to seek their meaning? For three decades, Francis Beer has pioneered the effort to discover, describe, and connect pieces of the complex puzzle of war, peace, their interrelationship, and their causes. In this volume, Beer joined by colleagues as co authors of some chapters examines the cognitive, behavioral, and linguistic dimensions of war and peace. Language, he shows, is important because it mediates between thought and action. It expresses beliefs about war and peace and affects the perceptions of potential adversaries about one's own intentions. Using multiple perspectives and methods, he explores the uses of communication in international relations and the development of meaning for war and peace. In this unique and innovative post realist analysis, Beer examines how language transmits and creates meaning through interaction with specific audiences. His case studies include the Somalian intervention, Sarajevo and the Balkan conflict, and the Gulf War. Moving beyond the discrete words of war, the book takes a broader view of how political participants interact in war and peace through continuous streams of communication that reflect and construct worlds of meaning. This stimulating and challenging volume brings together insights and evidence from political science, cognitive psychology, linguistics, history, and rhetorical studies and applies them in a focused way to the problem of war and peace."
Lysistrata by Aristophanes Sarah Ruden. No description available
The Knights Peace The Birds The Assembly Women Wealth by Aristophanes Alan H. Sommerstein David B. Barrett David Brett. No description available
"Genres in Dialogue Plato and the Construct of Philosophy by Andrea Wilson Nightingale. This 1995 book takes as its starting point Plato's incorporation of specific genres of poetry and rhetoric into his dialogues. The author argues that Plato's 'dialogues' with traditional genres are part and parcel of his effort to define 'philosophy'. Before Plato, 'philosophy' designated 'intellectual cultivation' in the broadest sense. When Plato appropriated the term for his own intellectual project, he created a new and specialised discipline. In order to define and legitimise 'philosophy', Plato had to match it against genres of discourse that had authority and currency in democratic Athens. By incorporating the text or discourse of another genre, Plato 'defines' his new brand of wisdom in opposition to traditional modes of thinking and speaking. By targeting individual genres of discourse Plato marks the boundaries of 'philosophy' as a discursive and as a social practice."
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night Time by Mark Haddon. No description available
"The Night Gardener by George Pelecanos. A New York Times bestseller, Jonathan Auxier s The Night Gardener is a Victorian ghost story with shades of Washington Irving and Henry James. More than just a spooky tale, it s also a moral fable about human greed and the power of storytelling. The Night Gardener follows two abandoned Irish siblings who travel to work as servants at a creepy, crumbling English manor house. But the house and its family are not quite what they seem. Soon the children are confronted by a mysterious spectre and an ancient curse that threatens their very lives. With Auxier s exquisite command of language, The Night Gardener is a mesmerizing read and a classic in the making. Lots of creepiness, memorable characters, a worthy message, Auxier s atmospheric drawings and touches of humor amid the horror make this cautionary tale one readers will not soon forget. Kirkus Reviews, starred review Storytelling and the secret desires of the heart wind together in this atmospheric novel that doubles as a ghost tale. School Library Journal, starred review"
"Twelfth Night by William Shakespeare. William Shakespeare s Twelfth Night, the incredible comedy about unrequited love, both hilarious and heartbreaking, now presented by the Folger Shakespeare Library with valuable new tools for educators and dynamic new covers. Named for the twelfth night after Christmas, the end of the Christmas season, Twelfth Night plays with love and power. The Countess Olivia, a woman with her own household, attracts Duke Orsino. Two other would be suitors are her pretentious steward, Malvolio, and Sir Andrew Aguecheek. Onto this scene arrive the twins Viola and Sebastian previously caught in a shipwreck, each thinks the other has drowned. Viola disguises herself as a male page and enters Orsino s service. Orsino sends her as his envoy to Olivia only to have Olivia fall in love with the messenger. The play complicates, then wonderfully untangles, these relationships. The authoritative edition of Twelfth Night from The Folger Shakespeare Library, the trusted and widely used Shakespeare series for students and general readers, includes The exact text of the printed book for easy cross reference Hundreds of hypertext links for instant navigation Freshly edited text based on the best early printed version of the play Full explanatory notes conveniently linked to the text of the play Scene by scene plot summaries A key to the play s famous lines and phrases An introduction to reading Shakespeare s language An essay by a leading Shakespeare scholar providing a modern perspective on the play Fresh images from the Folger Shakespeare Library s vast holdings of rare books An annotated guide to further reading An essay by a leading Shakespeare expert"
"Brokeback Mountain by Annie Proulx. Ennis del Mar and Jack Twist, two ranch hands, come together when they're working a sheepherder and camp tender one summer on a range above the tree line. At first, sharing an isolated tent, the attraction is casual, inevitable, but something deeper catches them that summer. Both men work hard, marry, and have kids because that's what cowboys do. But over the course of many years and frequent separations this relationship becomes the most important thing in their lives, and they do anything they can to preserve it. BOOK JACKET."
"Getting Things Done The Art of Stress Free Productivity by David Allen. The book Lifehack calls The Bible of business and personal productivity. A completely revised and updated edition of the blockbuster bestseller from 'the personal productivity guru' Fast Company Since it was first published almost fifteen years ago, David Allen s Getting Things Done has become one of the most influential business books of its era, and the ultimate book on personal organization. GTD is now shorthand for an entire way of approaching professional and personal tasks, and has spawned an entire culture of websites, organizational tools, seminars, and offshoots. Allen has rewritten the book from start to finish, tweaking his classic text with important perspectives on the new workplace, and adding material that will make the book fresh and relevant for years to come. This new edition of Getting Things Done will be welcomed not only by its hundreds of thousands of existing fans but also by a whole new generation eager to adopt its proven principles."
Getting Things Done When You Are Not in Charge by Geoffrey M. Bellman. Bellman shares his techniques for enlisting key people in the cause of getting work done when someone else is in control of the project.
Formas breves by Ricardo Piglia. No description available
"El ltimo lector by Ricardo Piglia. El ltimo lector es uno de los ensayos que reflejan de forma m s convincente el rico, complejo y siempre ambiguo universo pigliano. Qu es un lector? Qui n es? Qu le sucede mientras lee? La literatura, advierte Piglia, da un nombre y una historia al lector. De don Quijote a Hamlet, de Bartleby al lector inventado de Borges, de Emma Bovary a Philip Marlowe, asistimos a una variedad infinita de lectores el visionario, el enfermo, el compulsivo, el melanc lico, el traductor, el cr tico, el escritor, el fil sofo y por qu no? el propio autor, Piglia como Piglia y como Renzi. Qu es un lector? La respuesta es un relato inquietante, singular y siempre distinto . De entre la legi n de escritores hispanoamericanos que se han alzado a los hombros del precursor Borges, es Ricardo Piglia quien tiene las mejores vistas sobre los paisajes y territorios de la literatura universal. S ddeutsche Zeitung"
Money to Burn by Ricardo Piglia Amanda Hopkinson. Some robbers steal a lot of money and escape in a stolen car. Because of terrible weather they have to stop at a farm. A young girl and her brother are alone at the farm. The robbers catch her brother but not her. What can she do to save him?
"Respiraci n artificial by Ricardo Piglia. La novela de culto de Ricardo Piglia, una obra que lo reafirma como uno de los grandes de la narrativa latinoamericana contempor nea. Respiraci n artificial es una cr nica argentina de varias generaciones que se retrotrae de 1979 a 1850. Emilio Renzi, un joven escritor, entabla correspondencia con su t o Marcelo Maggi, a quien conoc a solamente por los escandalosos relatos familiares. Pero en las cartas descubrir su faceta de investigador de Enrique Ossorio, un conspirador doble de la poca del gobernador Rosas, y sus esfuerzos por develar la historia secreta de la estirpe y de la naci n bajo la sombra de una nueva dictadura. Ricardo Piglia ha heredado la desconfiada inteligencia de Borges, su incansable y gozosa exploraci n de la literatura y su atracci n por los oscuros bajos fondos. Las ficciones de Piglia son inventivas par bolas sobre las pesadillas recientes y pasadas de la historia de su pa s. The Independent"
"Plata quemada by Ricardo Piglia. En Plata quemada no hay lugar para la tregua, la indulgencia o el perd n. Ricardo Piglia hace una reconstrucci n ficcionada y caleidosc pica de un atraco que tuvo lugar en 1965 en la provincia de Buenos Aires. Una banda criminal, conformada por polic as y pol ticos corruptos, prepara el asalto a un furg n que contiene un bot n millonario. Tras el golpe, abandonan a sus c mplices y huyen al norte con el dinero. Pero la ley, los medios de comunicaci n y los traicionados los perseguir n hasta el asedio ltimo y sangriento en un edificio de Montevideo. Plata quemada es una historia estremecedora en la que la violencia no tiene l mites, una narraci n coral con personajes inolvidables, un drama dominado por las pasiones humanas m s oscuras la traici n, la avaricia, la corrupci n, el miedo y la desesperaci n. Un relato criminal fren tico. The Times Literary Supplement"
American Government Continuity and Change Alternate Edition by Karen O'Connor Larry J. Sabato. No description available
Essentials of American and Texas Government Continuity and Change by Karen O'Connor Larry J. Sabato. No description available
"El t nel by Ernesto Sabato. When it was first published in Spanish, THE TUNNEL won the applause of Thomas Mann and Albert Camus and was described as an existentialist classic, reminded The New York Times Book Review, in its recent review. Indeed, THE TUNNEL is one of the most highly regarded short novels of the twentieth century. Since its first publication in 1948, it has been translated into most of the major languages of the world. In the fresh, compelling, and critically acclaimed translation by Margaret Sayers Peden, it is available for a whole new readership. The power of Sabato's story remains . . . . He delivers several satisfying satirical thrusts at the vagaries of the life of the urban intellectual that retain a remarkable contemporary resonance . . . . Sabato captures the intensity of passions run into uncharted passages where love promises not tranquility, but danger. Los Angeles Times Book Review"
The Confessions Works of Saint Augustine 1 by Augustine of Hippo John E. Rotelle Maria Boulding. No description available
"The City of God by Augustine of Hippo Thomas Merton Marcus Dods. Along with his Confessions, The City of God is undoubtedly St. Augustine's most influential work. In the context of what begins as a lengthy critique of classic Roman religion and a defense of Christianity, Augustine touches upon numerous topics, including the role of grace, the original state of humanity, the possibility of waging a just war, the ideal form of government, and the nature of heaven and hell. But his major concern is the difference between the City of God and the City of Man one built on love of God, the other on love of self. One cannot but be moved and impressed by the author's breadth of interest and penetrating intelligence. For all those who are interested in the greatest classics of Christian antiquity, The City of God is indispensible. This long awaited translation by William Babcock is published in two volumes, with an introduction and annotation that make Augustine's monumental work approachable. Books 11 22 offer Augustine's Christian view of history, including the Christian view of human destiny."
The Enchiridion on Faith Hope and Love Augustine Series 1 by Augustine of Hippo Bruce Harbert John E. Rotelle. No description available
Augustine of Hippo A Biography by Peter R.L. Brown. No description available
"On Christian Doctrine by Augustine of Hippo D.W. Robertson Jr.. Contents of Christian Doctrine.Preface. Showing the Utility of the Treatise on Christian Doctrine.Containing a General View of the Subjects Treated in Holy Scripture.The author divides his work into two parts, one relating to the discovery, the other to the expression, of the true sense of Scripture."
Confessions Books 1 13 by Augustine of Hippo Peter R.L. Brown Frank Sheed. No description available
Saint Augustine by Garry Wills. No description available
"Augustine A Very Short Introduction by Henry Chadwick. By his writings, the surviving bulk of which exceeds that of any other ancient author, Augustine came to influence not only his contemporaries but also the West since his time. This Very Short Introduction traces the development of Augustine's thought, discussing his reaction to the thinkers before him, and themes such as freedom, creation, and the trinity. ABOUT THE SERIES The Very Short Introductions series from Oxford University Press contains hundreds of titles in almost every subject area. These pocket sized books are the perfect way to get ahead in a new subject quickly. Our expert authors combine facts, analysis, perspective, new ideas, and enthusiasm to make interesting and challenging topics highly readable."
On Genesis A Refutation of the Manichees The Unfinished Literal Meaning of Genesis Works of St Augustine 1 by Augustine of Hippo Boniface Ramsey Edmund Hill. No description available
"Kitchen Confidential Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly by Anthony Bourdain. A New York City chef who is also a novelist recounts his experiences in the restaurant business, and exposes abuses of power, sexual promiscuity, drug use, and other secrets of life behind kitchen doors."
Confesiones de un chef by Anthony Bourdain. No description available
The Metamorphoses of Ovid by Ovid Allen Mandelbaum. No description available
Metamorphoses by Ovid David Raeburn Denis Feeney. No description available
Metamorphoses by Ovid Bernard Knox Charles Martin. No description available
Ovid's Metamorphoses Books 1 5 by Ovid William Scovil Anderson. No description available
Ovid s Metamorphoses Books 6 10 by Ovid William Scovil Anderson. No description available
"Latin Via Ovid A First Course by Norma Goldman Jacob E. Nyenhuis. Using an introduction to mythology by the master storyteller Ovid himself, the authors have prepared a unique teaching tool designed to achieve proficiency at Latin in one year at the college level, two years at the high school or intermediate level. The volume provides students with imaginative, connected reading, beginning with introductory prose versions of Ovid's simple myth tales and progressing to the rich poetry of Ovidian Latin with appropriate teaching aids within forty lessons. The grammatical approach is traditional, but the central emphasis is on reading. In each chapter the reading appears first, followed by the vocabulary, the grammar, exercises, and etymology relating to the vocabulary. The exercises begin with a group of questions in Latin based on the reading , to be answered in Latin. Each tale is preceded by a brief discussion in English of the story and its mythological significance. The myths retold by Ovid and the attractive format are conceived to impel the student into acquiring the skill to read the author in the original language. For additional complimentary materials on this topic, please see Latin Via Ovid Audio materials available via downloadable flash drive and cassette tapes by Norma Goldman and Jacob E. Nyenhuis and the accompanying text Practice, Practice A Latin Via Ovid Workbook by Norma Goldman and Michael Rossi."
The Art of Love and Other Poems by Ovid J.H. Mozley G.P. Goold. No description available
"The Poems of Exile Tristia and the Black Sea Letters by Ovid Peter Green. This is no small achievement. For the language lover the translation provides elegant, flowing English verse, for the classicist it conveys close approximation to the Latin meaning coupled with a sense of the movement and rhythmic variety of Ovid's language Geraldine Herbert Brown, editor of Ovid's Fasti Historical Readings at its Bimillennium This book fills a gap. There is no similar annotated English translation of Ovid's exile poetry. Thoroughly grounded in Ovidian scholarship, Green's introduction and notes are helpful and informative. The translation is accurate, idiomatic, and lively, closely imitating the Latin elegiac couplet and capturing Ovid's changing moods. Karl Galinsky, author of Ovid's Metamorphoses An Introduction to the Basic Aspects"
Metamorphoses Volume 2 Books IX XV by Ovid Frank Justus Miller. No description available
Metamorphoses Volume I Books I VIII by Ovid Frank Justus Miller. No description available
Practice! Practice! A Latin Via Ovid Workbook by Norma Goldman Michael Rossi. Please request this guide by calling us at 313 577 6126.
Tibullus A Commentary by Michael C.J. Putnam. No description available
Dionysiac Poetics and Euripides' Bacchae by Charles Segal. No description available
Antigone by Sophocles Reginald Gibbons Charles Segal. No description available
Object Oriented Programming in C by Richard Johnsonbaugh Martin Kalin. No description available
The Iliad by Homer Robert Fitzgerald. No description available
Love Sex Tragedy How the Ancient World Shapes Our Lives by Simon Goldhill. No description available
Reading Greek Tragedy by Simon Goldhill. No description available
"Who Needs Greek? Contests in the Cultural History of Hellenism by Simon Goldhill. Does Greek matter? To whom and why? This interdisciplinary study focuses on moments when passionate conflicts about Greek and Greek ness have erupted in both the modern and the ancient worlds. It looks at the Renaissance, when men were burned at the stake over biblical Greek, at violent Victorian rows over national culture and the schooling of a country, at the shocking performances of modernist opera and it also examines the ancient world and its ideas of what it means to be Greek, especially in the first and second centuries CE. The book sheds light on how the ancient and modern worlds interrelate, and how fantasies and deals, struggles and conflicts have come together under the name of Greece. As a contribution to theatre studies, Renaissance and Victorian cultural history, and to the understanding of ancient writing, this book takes reception studies in an exciting alternative direction."
"Foucault's Virginity Ancient Erotic Fiction the History of Sexuality Stanford Memorial Lecture by Simon Goldhill. The sexy, witty and often bizarre novels, poetry and dialogues of the first centuries of this era works such as Longus' Daphnis and Chloe, Achilles Tatius' Leukippe and Cleitophon and Plutarch's Amatorius were being composed at the same time as fundamental ideas about the body, gender and sexuality were being set in place with the rise of Christianity and the Church to dominate the pagan world. Modern writers on the history of sexuality have largely ignored this literature in favour of prose treatises, philosophy and Christian homilies. Simon Goldhill, writing with the same wit and verve as the ancient writers with whom he engages, sets out to put these texts back into the history of sexuality. The result is a dazzling celebration of sex and sexuality in the Greek literature of the first centuries CE."
2012 The Return of Quetzalcoatl by Daniel Pinchbeck. No description available
Breaking Open the Head A Psychedelic Journey Into the Heart of Contemporary Shamanism by Daniel Pinchbeck Lee Fukui. No description available
"Them Adventures with Extremists by Jon Ronson. A wide variety of extremist groups Islamic fundamentalists, neo Nazis share the oddly similar belief that a tiny shadowy elite rule the world from a secret room. In Them, journalist Jon Ronson has joined the extremists to track down the fabled secret room. As a journalist and a Jew, Ronson was often considered one of Them but he had no idea if their meetings actually took place. Was he just not invited? Them takes us across three continents and into the secret room. Along the way he meets Omar Bakri Mohammed, considered one of the most dangerous men in Great Britain, PR savvy Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard Thom Robb, and the survivors of Ruby Ridge. He is chased by men in dark glasses and unmasked as a Jew in the middle of a Jihad training camp. In the forests of northern California he even witnesses CEOs and leading politicians like Dick Cheney and George Bush undertake a bizarre owl ritual. Ronson's investigations, by turns creepy and comical, reveal some alarming things about the looking glass world of us and them. Them is a deep and fascinating look at the lives and minds of extremists. Are the extremists onto something? Or is Jon Ronson becoming one of them?"
"The Men Who Stare at Goats by Jon Ronson. 'Simultaneously frightening and hilarious' The Times The Men Who Stare at Goats reveals the extraordinary and completely nutty national secrets at the core of Bush s government. Often funny, sometimes chilling and with first hand access to the leading players, Jon Ronson s Sunday Times bestseller is a story so unbelievable it has to be true. In 1979, a secret unit was established by the most gifted minds within the US Army. Defying all known accepted military practice and indeed, the laws of physics they believed that a soldier could adopt a cloak of invisibility, pass cleanly through walls and, perhaps most chillingly, kill goats just by staring at them. Entrusted with defending America from all known adversaries, they were the First Earth Battalion. And they really weren t joking. What s more, in the early 2000s, they re back and fighting George W. Bush s War on Terror. But why are they blasting Iraqi prisoners of war with the theme tune to the Barney the Purple Dinosaur show? Why have one hundred de bleated goats been secretly placed inside the Special Forces command centre at Fort Bragg, North Carolina? And how was the US military associated with the mysterious mass suicide of a strange cult from San Diego? Now a feature film starring George Clooney and Ewan McGregor. Part of the Picador Collection, a series celebrating fifty years of Picador books and showcasing the best of modern literature."
"Guns Germs and Steel The Fates of Human Societies by Jared Diamond. In this artful, informative, and delightful book New York Review of Books , Diamond offers a convincing explanation of the way the modern world came to be and stunningly dismantles racially based theories of human history. Photos. Copyright Libri GmbH. All rights reserved."
"Caught Inside A Surfer's Year on the California Coast by Daniel Duane. Duane's account of a year spent surfing in Santa Cruz, California. Interspersed with the narrative of days passed on the water are good humored explanations of the physics of wave dynamics, the art of surfboard design, dexcriptions of the flora and fauna"
Into the Wild by Jon Krakauer. No description available
Wild at Heart Discovering the Secret of a Man's Soul by John Eldredge. No description available
"Wild Swans Three Daughters of China by Jung Chang. The story of three generations in twentieth century China that blends the intimacy of memoir and the panoramic sweep of eyewitness history a bestselling classic in thirty languages with more than ten million copies sold around the world, now with a new introduction from the author. An engrossing record of Mao s impact on China, an unusual window on the female experience in the modern world, and an inspiring tale of courage and love, Jung Chang describes the extraordinary lives and experiences of her family members her grandmother, a warlord s concubine her mother s struggles as a young idealistic Communist and her parents experience as members of the Communist elite and their ordeal during the Cultural Revolution. Chang was a Red Guard briefly at the age of fourteen, then worked as a peasant, a barefoot doctor, a steelworker, and an electrician. As the story of each generation unfolds, Chang captures in gripping, moving and ultimately uplifting detail the cycles of violent drama visited on her own family and millions of others caught in the whirlwind of history."
"Wild Fire John Corey 4 by Nelson DeMille. Detective John Corey of The lion's game, Plum Island, and Night fall returns in a new novel about a conspiracy to detonate nuclear bombs in two American cities, setting off a world war of unimaginable proportions Provided by the publisher."
Born to Be Wild by Catherine Coulter. No description available
The Call of the Wild by Jack London Avi. No description available
"Wild About Books by Judy Sierra Marc Brown. OVER HALF A MILLION COPIES SOLD! Winner of the E.B. White Read Aloud Award It started the summer of 2002, when the Springfield librarian, Molly McGrew, by mistake drove her bookmobile into the zoo. In this rollicking rhymed story, Molly introduces birds and beasts to this new something called reading. She finds the perfect book for every animal tall books for giraffes, tiny ones for crickets. She even found waterproof books for the otter, who never went swimming without Harry Potter. In no time at all, Molly has them forsaking their niches, their nests, and their nooks, going wild, simply wild, about wonderful books. Judy Sierra s funny animal tale coupled with Marc Brown s lush, fanciful paintings will have the same effect on young Homo sapiens. Altogether, it s more fun than a barrel of monkeys!"
In Web Design for Libraries by Charles P. Rubenstein. No description available
Nickel and Dimed On Not Getting by in America by Barbara Ehrenreich. No description available
The History of Sexuality 1 An Introduction by Michel Foucault Robert Hurley. No description available
The History of Sexuality Volume 1 The Will to Knowledge by Michel Foucault Robert Hurley. No description available
The History of Sexuality Volume 2 The Use of Pleasure by Michel Foucault Robert Hurley. No description available
The Making of Pride and Prejudice by Sue Birtwistle Sue Conklin Susie Conklin. No description available
Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen. No description available
Pride Prejudice by Jane Austen Vivien Jones. No description available
Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen George Saintsbury Hugh Thomson. No description available
Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen Carol Howard. Elizabeth Bennet's early determination to dislike Mr. Darcy is a prejudice only matched by his arrogant pride.
Under the Banner of Heaven A Story of Violent Faith by Jon Krakauer. No description available
Iceland Land of the Sagas by David Roberts Jon Krakauer. No description available
"Into Thin Air A Personal Account of the Mount Everest Disaster by Jon Krakauer. When Jon Krakauer reached the summit of Mt. Everest in the early afternoon of May 10, 1996, he hadn't slept in fifty seven hours and was reeling from the brain altering effects of oxygen depletion. As he turned to begin his long, dangerous descent from 29,028 feet, twenty other climbers were still pushing doggedly toward the top. No one had noticed that the sky had begun to fill with clouds. Six hours later and 3,000 feet lower, in 70 knot winds and blinding snow, Krakauer collapsed in his tent, freezing, hallucinating from exhaustion and hypoxia, but safe. The following morning, he learned that six of his fellow climbers hadn't made it back to their camp and were desperately struggling for their lives. When the storm finally passed, five of them would be dead, and the sixth so horribly frostbitten that his right hand would have to be amputated. Into Thin Air is the definitive account of the deadliest season in the history of Everest by the acclaimed journalist and author of the bestseller Into the Wild. On assignment for Outside Magazine to report on the growing commercialization of the mountain, Krakauer, an accomplished climber, went to the Himalayas as a client of Rob Hall, the most respected high altitude guide in the world. A rangy, thirty five year old New Zealander, Hall had summited Everest four times between 1990 and 1995 and had led thirty nine climbers to the top. Ascending the mountain in close proximity to Hall's team was a guided expedition led by Scott Fischer, a forty year old American with legendary strength and drive who had climbed the peak without supplemental oxygen in 1994. But neither Hall nor Fischer survived the rogue storm that struck in May 1996. Krakauer examines what it is about Everest that has compelled so many people including himself to throw caution to the wind, ignore the concerns of loved ones, and willingly subject themselves to such risk, hardship, and expense. Written with emotional clarity and supported by his unimpeachable reporting, Krakauer's eyewitness account of what happened on the roof of the world is a singular achievement. Into the Wild is available on audio, read by actor Campbell Scott."
"In the Land of White Death An Epic Story of Survival in the Siberian Arctic by Valerian Albanov Jon Krakauer David Roberts Alison Anderson. One helluva read. Newsweek Gripping. Outside Spellbinding. Associated Press Powerful. New York In 1912, the Saint Anna, a Russian exploration vessel in search of fertile hunting grounds, was frozen into the polar ice cap, trapping her crew aboard. For nearly a year and a half, they struggled to stay alive. As all hope of rescue faded, they realized their best chance of survival might be to set out on foot, across hundreds of miles of desolate ice, with their lifeboats dragged behind them on sledges, in hope of reaching safety. Twenty of them chose to stay aboard thirteen began the trek of them all, only two survived. Originally published in Russia in 1917, In the Land of White Death was translated into English for the first time by the Modern Library to widespread critical acclaim. As well as recounting Albanov s vivid, first person account of his ninety day ordeal over 235 miles of frozen sea, this expanded paperback edition contains three newly discovered photographs and an extensive new Epilogue by David Roberts based on the never before published diary of Albanov s only fellow survivor, Alexander Konrad. As gripping as Albanov s own tale, the Epilogue sheds new light on the tragic events of 1912 1914, brings to life many of those who perished including the infamous captain Brusilov and nurse Zhdanko, the only woman on board , and, inadvertently, reveals one new piece of information about the identity of the traitors who left Albanov for dead that is absolutely shocking. Poetic. The Washington Post A lost masterpiece. Booklist A jewel of polar literature. Seattle Post Intelligencer Vivid . . . a work of terrifying beauty. The Boston Globe"
The World Is Flat A Brief History of the Twenty first Century by Thomas L. Friedman. No description available
La Tierra es plana Breve historia del mundo globalizado del siglo XXI by Thomas L. Friedman. No description available
The Avalanche Handbook by David McClung Peter Schaerer. No description available
Avalanche by Arthur J. Roth. No description available
Little Women by Louisa May Alcott. No description available
"Little Women Little Women 1 by Louisa May Alcott Scott McKowen. Louisa May Alcott wrote Little Women in two parts, each resoundingly popular and receiving critical acclaim. The novel follows the lives of the four March sisters, Meg, Jo, Beth and Amy, from childhood into maturity. The journey is not an easy one, and each is humbled and ultimately uplifted by her encounters with love, society and death. The work is based loosely on Alcott's experiences growing up with three sisters."
Little Women by Louisa May Alcott Paula Danziger. No description available
"Little Women by Louisa May Alcott Jessie Willcox Smith Frank T. Merrill. One of the best loved books of all time. Nominated as one of America s best loved novels by PBS s The Great American Read Lovely Meg, talented Jo, frail Beth, spoiled Amy these are hard lessons of poverty and of growing up in New England during the Civil War. Through their dreams, plays, pranks, letters, illnesses, and courtships, women of all ages have become a part of this remarkable family and have felt the deep sadness when Meg leaves the circle of sisters to be married at the end of Part I. Part II, chronicles Meg's joys and mishaps as a young wife and mother, Jo's struggle to become a writer, Beth's tragedy, and Amy's artistic pursuits and unexpected romance. Based on Louisa May Alcott's childhood, this lively portrait of nineteenth century family life possesses a lasting vitality that has endeared it to generations of readers. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up to date translations by award winning translators."
Little Women Little Men Jo's Boys by Louisa May Alcott Elaine Showalter. No description available
"A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens Keith Cox Cynthia Brantley Johnson. It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. Charles Dickens' classic novel tells the story of two Englishmen degenerate lawyer Sydney Carton and aristocrat Charles Darnay who fall in love with the same woman in the midst of the French Revolution's blood and terror. Originally published as 31 weekly instalments,A Tale of Two Cities has been adapted several times for film, serves as a rite of passage for many students, and is one of the most famous novels ever published. This is a free digital copy of a book that has been carefully scanned by Google as part of a project to make the world's books discoverable online. To make this print edition available as an ebook, we have extracted the text using Optical Character Recognition OCR technology and submitted it to a review process to ensure its accuracy and legibility across different screen sizes and devices. Google is proud to partner with libraries to make this book available to readers everywhere."
A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens Gillen D'Arcy Wood. No description available
A Tale of Two Cities Charles Dickens by SparkNotes. No description available
"A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens Simon Schama. It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. Charles Dickens' classic novel tells the story of two Englishmen degenerate lawyer Sydney Carton and aristocrat Charles Darnay who fall in love with the same woman in the midst of the French Revolution's blood and terror. Originally published as 31 weekly instalments,A Tale of Two Cities has been adapted several times for film, serves as a rite of passage for many students, and is one of the most famous novels ever published. This is a free digital copy of a book that has been carefully scanned by Google as part of a project to make the world's books discoverable online. To make this print edition available as an ebook, we have extracted the text using Optical Character Recognition OCR technology and submitted it to a review process to ensure its accuracy and legibility across different screen sizes and devices. Google is proud to partner with libraries to make this book available to readers everywhere."
"Den of Thieves by James B. Stewart. A 1 bestseller from coast to coast, Den of Thieves tells the full story of the insider trading scandal that nearly destroyed Wall Street, the men who pulled it off, and the chase that finally brought them to justice. Pulitzer Prize winner James B. Stewart shows for the first time how four of the eighties biggest names on Wall Street Michael Milken, Ivan Boesky, Martin Siegel, and Dennis Levine created the greatest insider trading ring in financial history and almost walked away with billions, until a team of downtrodden detectives triumphed over some of America s most expensive lawyers to bring this powerful quartet to justice. Based on secret grand jury transcripts, interviews, and actual trading records, and containing explosive new revelations about Michael Milken and Ivan Boesky, Den of Thieves weaves all the facts into an unforgettable narrative a portrait of human nature, big business, and crime of unparalleled proportions."
"Den of Thieves Cat Royal 3 by Julia Golding. When Cat accepts the challenge to become a spy while living a public life as a ballerina, she leaves the Theater Royal behind and finds herself in the heart of revolutionary Paris, where she must work to save her captive friends."
Charles Dickens Four Novels Great Expectations Hard Times A Christmas Carol and A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens. No description available
"Bleak House by Charles Dickens Mary Gaitskill Hablot Knight Browne. Complete and unabridged. Bleak House is not only a love story and a tightly plotted murder mystery, but also a condemnation of the corruption at the heart of English society. Part of the Macmillan Collector s Library a series of stunning, clothbound, pocket sized classics with gold foiled edges and ribbon markers. These beautiful books make perfect gifts or a treat for any book lover. This edition has an afterword by David Stuart Davies and original illustrations by H. K. Browne. The inheritance case of Jarndyce and Jarndyce has been going on for generations involving myriad characters from all walks of life. There s Esther Summerson, Dickens' feisty heroine Sir Leicester and Lady Dedlock, cocooned in their stately home in Lincolnshire and Jo, the penniless crossing sweeper. We are drawn in and fascinated by the complex relationships. Indeed in none of Charles Dickens other novels is the canvas broader, the sweep more inclusive, the linguistic texture richer and the gallery of comic grotesques more extraordinary."
David Copperfield by Charles Dickens Gish Jen. No description available
What Jane Austen Ate and Charles Dickens Knew From Fox Hunting to Whist the Facts of Daily Life in 19th Century England by Daniel Pool. No description available
Charles Dickens by Jane Smiley. No description available
"Martin Chuzzlewit by Charles Dickens Patricia Ingham Hablot Knight Browne. The greed of his family has led wealthy old Martin Chuzzlewit to become suspicious and misanthropic, leaving his grandson and namesake to make his own way in the world. And so young Martin sets out from the Wiltshire home of his supposed champion, the scheming architect Pecksniff, to seek his fortune in America. In depicting Martin s journey an experience that teaches him to question his inherited self interest and egotism Dickens created many vividly realized figures the brutish lout Jonas Chuzzlewit, plotting to gain the family fortune Martin s optimistic manservant, Mark Tapley gentle Tom Pinch and the drunken and corrupt private nurse, Mrs Gamp. With its portrayal of greed, blackmail and murder, and its searing satire on America Dickens s novel is a powerful and blackly comic story of hypocrisy and redemption."
Why Is Sex Fun? The Evolution of Human Sexuality Science Masters by Jared Diamond. No description available
The Third Chimpanzee The Evolution Future of the Human Animal by Jared Diamond. No description available
J.K.Rowling by Colleen Sexton. No description available
Harry Potter Schoolbooks Box Set Two Classic Books from the Library of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry by J.K. Rowling. No description available
J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter Novels A Reader's Guide by Philip Nel. No description available
"Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince Harry Potter 6 by J.K. Rowling. There it was, hanging in the sky above the school the blazing green skull with a serpent tongue, the mark Death Eaters left behind whenever they had entered a building... wherever they had murdered... When Dumbledore arrives at Privet Drive one summer night to collect Harry Potter, his wand hand is blackened and shrivelled, but he does not reveal why. Secrets and suspicion are spreading through the wizarding world, and Hogwarts itself is not safe. Harry is convinced that Malfoy bears the Dark Mark there is a Death Eater amongst them. Harry will need powerful magic and true friends as he explores Voldemort's darkest secrets, and Dumbledore prepares him to face his destiny... Having become classics of our time, the Harry Potter eBooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. With their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the Boy Who Lived continues to delight generations of new readers."
The Santaroga Barrier by Frank Herbert. No description available
"The Dosadi Experiment ConSentiency Universe 2 by Frank Herbert. From author Frank Herbert, creator of the Dune series, comes this classic science fiction of a sadistic experiment created by a interstellar civilization ... THE DOSADI EXPERIMENT Beyond the God Wall Generations of a tormented human alien people, caged on a toxic planet, conditioned by constant hunger and war this is the Dosadi Experiment, and it has succeeded too well. For the Dosadi have bred for Vengeance as well as cunning, and they have learned how to pass through the shimmering God Wall to exact their dreadful revenge on the Universe that created them . . . At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
The Eyes of Heisenberg by Frank Herbert. No description available
"The Birds Methuen Drama by Sean O'Brien. This anthology presents six of the best new plays by some of the most exciting American playwrights whose work is currently gaining acclaim. It showcases work produced at a number of the leading theatres as selected by Sarah Benson, artistic director at Soho Rep in New York, and provides a detailed introduction to the plays."
The Frogs by Aristophanes B.B. Rogers. No description available
"Lysistrata by Aristophanes Jeffrey Henderson. Aristophanes helped shape comedy.... despite their often fantasical premises, were fairly consistently concerned with contemporary politics and social institutions. ... mildly aristocratic... patriotic ... suspicious of social innovation.... sympathetic to the struggles of the common people.... unrestrained in insult...exuberantly bawdy."
"Myths of the Underworld Journey Plato Aristophanes and the Orphic Gold Tablets by Radcliffe G. Edmonds III. This book was first published in 2004. Plato, Aristophanes and the creators of the 'Orphic' gold tablets employ the traditional tale of a journey to the realm of the dead to redefine, within the mythic narrative, the boundaries of their societies. Rather than being the relics of a faded ritual tradition or the products of Orphic influence, these myths can only reveal their meanings through a close analysis of the specific ways in which each author makes use of the tradition. For these authors, myth is an agonistic discourse, neither a kind of sacred dogma nor a mere literary diversion, but rather a flexible tool that serves the wide variety of uses to which it is put. The traditional tale of the journey to the Underworld in Greek mythology is neither simple nor single, but each telling reveals a perspective on the cosmos, a reflection of the order of this world through the image of the other."
Assembly of Women Literary Classics by Aristophanes Robert Mayhew. No description available
Comoediae 1 Acharenses Equites Nubes Vespae Pax Aves by Aristophanes F.W. Hall W.M. Geldart. No description available
Aristophanes and His Theatre of the Absurd by Paul Anthony Cartledge. Stock gap project.
"Later Novels and Other Writings The Lady in the Lake The Little Sister The Long Goodbye Playback Double Indemnity screenplay Selected Essays and Letters by Raymond Chandler Frank MacShane. With humor, along with an unerring sense of dialogue and the telling details of dress and behavior, Raymond Chandler created a distinctive fictional universe out of the dark side of sunlit Los Angeles. In the process, he transformed both crime writing and the American language. Written during the war, The Lady in the Lake 1943 takes Philip Marlowe out of the seamy L.A. streets to the deceptive tranquility of the surrounding mountains, as the search for a businessman s missing wife expands into an elegy of loneliness and loss. The darker tone typical of Chandler s later fiction is evident in The Little Sister 1949 , in which an ambitious starlet, a blackmailer, and a seemingly na ve young woman from Manhattan, Kansas, are the key players in a plot that provides fuel for a bitter indictment of Hollywood and Chandler s most savage portrayal of his adopted city. The Long Goodbye 1953 , his most ambitious and self revealing novel, uncovers a more anguished resonance in the Marlowe character, in a plot that hinges on the betrayal of friendship and the compromises of middle age. Playback 1958 , written originally as a screenplay, is Chandler s seventh and last novel. A special feature of this volume is Chandler s long unavailable screenplay for the film noir classic, Double Indemnity 1944 , adapted from James M. Cain s novel. Written with director Billy Wilder, it is one of the best screenplays in American cinema, masterful in construction and dialogue. Supplementing the volume, and providing a more personal glimpse of Chandler s personality, is a selection of letters and essays including The Simple Art of Murder, in which Chandler muses on his pulp roots and on the special qualities of his hero and style. LIBRARY OF AMERICA is an independent nonprofit cultural organization founded in 1979 to preserve our nation s literary heritage by publishing, and keeping permanently in print, America s best and most significant writing. The Library of America series includes more than 300 volumes to date, authoritative editions that average 1,000 pages in length, feature cloth covers, sewn bindings, and ribbon markers, and are printed on premium acid free paper that will last for centuries."
"Stories and Early Novels Pulp Stories The Big Sleep Farewell My Lovely The High Window by Raymond Chandler Frank MacShane. In Raymond Chandler s hands, the pulp crime story became a haunting mystery of power and corruption, set against a modern cityscape both lyrical and violent. Now Chandler joins the authoritative Library of America series in a comprehensive two volume set displaying all the facets of his brilliant talent. In his first novel, The Big Sleep 1939 , the classic private eye finds his full fledged form as Philip Marlowe at once tough, independent, brash, disillusioned, and sensitive and man of weary honor threading his way in Chandler s phrase down these mean streets among blackmailers, pornographers, and murderers for hire. In Farewell, My Lovely 1940 , Chandler s personal favorite among his novels, Marlowe s search for a missing woman leads him from shanties and honky tonks to the highest reaches of power, encountering an array of richly drawn characters. The High Window 1942 , about a rare coin that becomes a catalyst by which a hushed up crime comes back to haunt a wealthy family, is partly a humorous burlesque of pulp fiction. All three novels show Chandler at a peak of verbal inventiveness and storytelling drive Stories and Early Novels also includes every classic noir story from the 1930s that Chandler did not later incorporate into a novel thirteen in all, among them such classics as Red Wind, Finger Man, The King in Yellow, and Trouble Is My Business. Drawn from the pages of Black Mask and Dime Detective, these stories show how Chandler adapted the violent conventions of the pulp magazine with their brisk exposition and rapid fire dialogue to his own emerging vision of twentieth century America. LIBRARY OF AMERICA is an independent nonprofit cultural organization founded in 1979 to preserve our nation s literary heritage by publishing, and keeping permanently in print, America s best and most significant writing. The Library of America series includes more than 300 volumes to date, authoritative editions that average 1,000 pages in length, feature cloth covers, sewn bindings, and ribbon markers, and are printed on premium acid free paper that will last for centuries."
The Lady in the Lake The Little Sister The Long Goodbye Playback Everyman's Library by Raymond Chandler Tom Hiney. No description available
"The High Window Philip Marlowe 3 by Raymond Chandler. It started with some business about a rare coin. Everybody knew who had stolen it, but nobody was anxious to do anything about it. Marlowe couldn t understand why the old lady had hired him she didn t seem to like detectives and she didn t want to tell him much. So he started to think about her, and then about the pale, fragile, frightened little girl who was her secretary, and then about her son which led him to the gambler, and then to the gambler s luscious and lustful wife, and then to the elegant blackmailer. And so this case became a study of character, for even when murder was done, even after the second murder, character was the root of everything. Because he understood that, Marlowe went step by step to a solution of the case. Sardonic, quietly cynical, cold and merciless when he has to be, but gruffly compassionate toward the victims of evil, Marlowe steps out of these scintillating pages as one of the great detectives of modem murder mystery fiction."
The Simple Art of Murder by Raymond Chandler. No description available
"The Big Sleep Philip Marlowe 1 by Raymond Chandler. A special edition of the iconic first novel from crime fiction master Raymond Chandler, featuring Philip Marlowe, the quintessential urban private eye Los Angeles Times . Featuring an introduction by James Ellroy. A dying millionaire hires private eye Philip Marlowe to handle the blackmailer of one of his two troublesome daughters, and Marlowe finds himself involved with more than extortion. Kidnapping, pornography, seduction, and murder are just a few of the complications he gets caught up in. A Vintage Crime Black Lizard Special Edition."
The Long Goodbye Philip Marlowe 6 by Raymond Chandler. No description available
"An Evening of Long Goodbyes by Paul Murray. Vastly entertaining and outright hilarious, Paul Murray s debut heralds the arrival of a major new Irish talent. His protagonist is endearing and wildly witty part P. G. Wodehouse s Bertie Wooster, with a cantankerous dash of A Confederacy of Dunces Ignatius J. Reilly thrown in. With its rollicking plot and colorful characters, An Evening of Long Goodbyes is a delightful and erudite comedy of epic proportions. Charles Hythloday observes the world from the comfortable confines of Amaurot, his family estate, and doesn t much care for what he sees. He prefers the black and white sanctum of classic cinema especially anything starring the beautiful Gene Tierney to the roiling and rumbling of twenty first century Dublin. At twenty four, Charles aims to resurrect the lost lifestyle of the aristocratic country gentleman contemplative walks, an ever replenished drink, and afternoons filled with canap s as prepared by the Bosnian housekeeper, Mrs. P. But Charles s cozy existence is about to face a serious shake up. His sister, Bel, an aspiring actress and hopeless romantic, has brought to Amaurot her most recent and to Charles s mind, most ill advised boyfriend. Frank is hulking and round, and resembles nothing so much as a large dresser, probably a Swedish one. He bets on greyhounds and talks endlessly of brawls and pubs in an accent that brings tears to Charles s eyes. And, most suspiciously, his entrance into the Hythlodays lives just happens to coincide with the disappearance of an ever increasing number of household antiques and baubles. Soon, Charles and Bel discover that missing heirlooms are the least of their worries they are simply not as rich as they have always believed. With the family fortune teetering in the balance, Charles must do something he swore he would never do get a job. Booted into the mean streets of Dublin, he is as unprepared for real life as Frank would be for a cotillion. And it turns out that real life is a tad unprepared for Charles, as well."
"The Long Goodbye Memories of My Father by Patti Davis. Genuine and heartfelt. San Diego Union Tribune Ronald Reagan s daughter writes with a moving openness about losing her father to Alzheimer s disease. The simplicity with which she reveals the intensity, the rush, the flow of her feelings encompasses all the surprises and complexities that ambush us when death gradually, unstoppably invades life. In this moving and illuminating portrait of a woman and her father, Patti Davis describes saying goodbye in stages, helpless against the onslaught of a disease that steals what is most precious a person s memory. Alzheimer s, she writes, snips away at the threads, a slow unraveling, a steady retreat as a witness all you can do is watch, cry, and whisper a soft stream of goodbyes. She writes of needing to be reunited at forty two with her mother, of regaining what they had spent decades demolishing. A truce was necessary to bring together a splintered family, a few weeks before her father released his letter telling the country and the world of his illness. She delves into her memories to touch her father again, to hear his voice, to keep alive the years she had with him."
Ghost In the Shell 2 Innocence After the Long Goodbye by Masaki Yamada Yuji Oniki Carl Gustav Horn. No description available
Breaking the Spell Religion as a Natural Phenomenon by Daniel C. Dennett. DENNETT BREAKING THE SPELL
Darwin's Dangerous Idea Evolution and the Meanings of Life by Daniel C. Dennett. No description available
Freedom Evolves by Daniel C. Dennett. No description available
"Brainstorms Philosophical Essays on Mind and Psychology by Daniel C. Dennett. This collection of 17 essays by the author offers a comprehensive theory of mind, encompassing traditional issues of consciousness and free will. Using careful arguments and ingenious thought experiments, the author exposes familiar preconceptions and hobbling institutions. This collection of 17 essays by the author offers a comprehensive theory of mind, encompassing traditional issues of consciousness and free will. Using careful arguments and ingenious thought experiments, the author exposes familiar preconceptions and hobbling institutions. The essays are grouped into four sections Intentional Explanation and Attributions of Mentality The Nature of Theory in Psychology Objects of Consciousness and the Nature of Experience and Free Will and Personhood."
Kinds of Minds Towards an Understanding of Consciousness by Daniel C. Dennett. No description available
Leaps of Faith Science Miracles the Search for Supernatural Consolation by Nicholas Humphrey Daniel C. Dennett. No description available
Elbow Room The Varieties of Free Will Worth Wanting by Daniel C. Dennett. No description available
"The Mind s I Fantasies and Reflections on Self and Soul by Douglas R. Hofstadter Daniel C. Dennett. Brilliant, shattering, mind jolting,The Mind's Iis a searching, probing nook a cosmic journey of the mind that goes deeply into the problem of self and self consciousness as anything written in our time. From verbalizing chimpanzees to scientific speculations involving machines with souls, from the mesmerizing, maze like fiction of Borges to the tantalizing, dreamlike fiction of Lem and Princess Ineffable, her circuits glowing read and gold,The Mind's I opens the mind to the Black Box of fantasy, to the windfalls of reflection, to new dimensions of exciting possibilities."
The Illustrated A Brief History of Time by Stephen Hawking. No description available
A Briefer History of Time by Stephen Hawking Leonard Mlodinow. No description available
"The Universe in a Nutshell by Stephen Hawking. Stephen Hawking s phenomenal, multimillion copy bestseller, A Brief History of Time, introduced the ideas of this brilliant theoretical physicist to readers all over the world. Now, in a major publishing event, Hawking returns with a lavishly illustrated sequel that unravels the mysteries of the major breakthroughs that have occurred in the years since the release of his acclaimed first book. The Universe in a Nutshell Quantum mechanics M theory General relativity 11 dimensional supergravity 10 dimensional membranes Superstrings P branes Black holes One of the most influential thinkers of our time, Stephen Hawking is an intellectual icon, known not only for the adventurousness of his ideas but for the clarity and wit with which he expresses them. In this new book Hawking takes us to the cutting edge of theoretical physics, where truth is often stranger than fiction, to explain in laymen s terms the principles that control our universe. Like many in the community of theoretical physicists, Professor Hawking is seeking to uncover the grail of science the elusive Theory of Everything that lies at the heart of the cosmos. In his accessible and often playful style, he guides us on his search to uncover the secrets of the universe from supergravity to supersymmetry, from quantum theory to M theory, from holography to duality. He takes us to the wild frontiers of science, where superstring theory and p branes may hold the final clue to the puzzle. And he lets us behind the scenes of one of his most exciting intellectual adventures as he seeks to combine Einstein s General Theory of Relativity and Richard Feynman s idea of multiple histories into one complete unified theory that will describe everything that happens in the universe. With characteristic exuberance, Professor Hawking invites us to be fellow travelers on this extraordinary voyage through space time. Copious four color illustrations help clarify this journey into a surreal wonderland where particles, sheets, and strings move in eleven dimensions where black holes evaporate and disappear, taking their secret with them and where the original cosmic seed from which our own universe sprang was a tiny nut. The Universe in a Nutshell is essential reading for all of us who want to understand the universe in which we live. Like its companion volume, A Brief History of Time, it conveys the excitement felt within the scientific community as the secrets of the cosmos reveal themselves."
God Created the Integers The Mathematical Breakthroughs That Changed History by Stephen Hawking. No description available
"Stephen Hawking's Universe The Cosmos Explained by David Filkin Stephen Hawking. Here is an intimate glimpse of the greatest scientist of our day, the brilliant physicist confined to a wheelchair whose A Brief History of Time has become the first worldwide scientific bestseller of the century. The story of Stephen Hawking's relentless quest for the secret of the origins of the universe will change forever the way you look at the stars . . . and your place among them."
"The Future of Spacetime by Stephen Hawking Kip S. Thorne Igor Novikov Timothy Ferris Alan Lightman Richard Price. Where the science of black holes, gravitational waves, and time travel will likely lead us, as reported by spacetime's most important theoreticians and observers."
"Stephen Hawking's Universe by John Boslough. Here is an intimate glimpse of the greatest scientist of our day, the brilliant physicist confined to a wheelchair whose A Brief History of Time has become the first worldwide scientific bestseller of the century. The story of Stephen Hawking's relentless quest for the secret of the origins of the universe will change forever the way you look at the stars . . . and your place among them."
"The Nature of Space and Time by Stephen Hawking Roger Penrose. Can the quantum theory of fields and Einstein's general theory of relativity be united in a single quantum theory of gravity? Can quantum and cosmos ever be combined? Two world famous physicists debate the issue in this work, based on a series of lectures and a final debate held at the University of Cambridge. 75 line drawings."
The Physics of Star Trek by Lawrence M. Krauss Stephen Hawking. No description available
Falconry Hawking by Phillip Glasier. No description available
The World Treasury of Physics Astronomy Mathematics from Albert Einstein to Stephen W. Hawking from Annie Dillard to John Updike by Timothy Ferris. No description available
The Art of Nonfiction A Guide for Writers and Readers by Ayn Rand Robert Mayhew Peter Schwartz. No description available
"The Journals of Ayn Rand by Ayn Rand Leonard Peikoff David Harriman. Rarely has a writer and thinker of the stature of Ayn Rand afforded us access to her most intimate thoughts and feelings. From Journals of Ayn Rand, we gain an invaluable new understanding and appreciation of the woman, the artist, and the philosopher, and of the enduring legacy she has left us.Rand comes vibrantly to life as an untried screenwriter in Hollywood, creating stories that reflect her youthful vision of the world. We see her painful memories of communist Russia and her struggles to convey them in We the Living. Most fascinating is the intricate, step by step process through which she created the plots and characters of her two masterworks, The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged, and the years of painstaking research that imbued the novels with their powerful authenticity. Complete with reflections on her legendary screenplay concerning the making of the atomic bomb and tantalizing descriptions of projects cut short by her death, Journals of Ayn Rand illuminates the mind and heart of an extraordinary woman as no biography or memoir ever could. On these vivid pages, Ayn Rand lives."
The Fountainhead by Ayn Rand Leonard Peikoff. No description available
The 36 Hour Day A Family Guide to Caring for Persons with Alzheimer Disease Related Dementing Illnesses and Memory Loss in Later Life by Nancy L. Mace Peter V. Rabins. No description available
The 3 Hour Diet On the Go by Jorge Cruise. No description available
The Last Hours of Ancient Sunlight The Fate of the World and What We Can Do Before It's Too Late by Thom Hartmann Joseph Chilton Pearce Neale Donald Walsch. No description available
Specimen Days by Michael Cunningham. No description available
A Home at the End of the World by Michael Cunningham. No description available
"Blink The Power of Thinking Without Thinking by Malcolm Gladwell. From the 1 bestselling author of The Bomber Mafia, the landmark book that has revolutionized the way we understand leadership and decision making. In his breakthrough bestseller The Tipping Point, Malcolm Gladwell redefined how we understand the world around us. Now, in Blink, he revolutionizes the way we understand the world within. Blink is a book about how we think without thinking, about choices that seem to be made in an instant in the blink of an eye that actually aren't as simple as they seem. Why are some people brilliant decision makers, while others are consistently inept? Why do some people follow their instincts and win, while others end up stumbling into error? How do our brains really work in the office, in the classroom, in the kitchen, and in the bedroom? And why are the best decisions often those that are impossible to explain to others? In Blink we meet the psychologist who has learned to predict whether a marriage will last, based on a few minutes of observing a couple the tennis coach who knows when a player will double fault before the racket even makes contact with the ball the antiquities experts who recognize a fake at a glance. Here, too, are great failures of blink the election of Warren Harding New Coke and the shooting of Amadou Diallo by police. Blink reveals that great decision makers aren't those who process the most information or spend the most time deliberating, but those who have perfected the art of thin slicing filtering the very few factors that matter from an overwhelming number of variables."
Blink by Ted Dekker. No description available
"Blink 182 Tales from Beneath Your Mom by Mark Hoppus Anne Hoppus Alex Gaskarth. Presents a behind the scenes look at the band, including their life on the road, videos, and backstage antics."
The Complete Novels by Jane Austen Hugh Thomson. No description available
"The Jane Austen Book Club by Karen Joy Fowler. THE NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER A book club discuss the works of Jane Austen and experience their own affairs of the heart in this charming tribute to Austen that manages to capture her spirit The Boston Globe . In California s central valley, five women and one man join to discuss Jane Austen s novels. Over the six months they get together, marriages are tested, affairs begin, unsuitable arrangements become suitable, and love happens. With her eye for the frailties of human behavior and her ear for the absurdities of social intercourse, Karen Joy Fowler has never been wittier nor her characters more appealing. The result is a delicious dissection of modern relationships. Dedicated Austenites will delight in unearthing the echoes of Austen that run through the novel, but most readers will simply enjoy the vision and voice that, despite two centuries of separation, unite two great writers of brilliant social comedy."
"Jane Austen The Complete Novels by Jane Austen. Jane Austen The Complete Novels is a comprehensive collection of the works of one of the most influential English novelists of all time. Austen's novels are known for their social commentary, wit, and insightful portrayal of the lives of the British landed gentry in the early 19th century. Her writing style is characterized by sharp irony and subtle humor, making her works a delight to read for both casual readers and literary scholars alike. The novels included in this collection, such as Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, and Emma, have stood the test of time and continue to be studied and admired for their enduring themes and memorable characters. This book is a must have for anyone interested in classic literature and the Regency era. readers will be captivated by Austen's timeless storytelling and keen observations of human nature. With her sharp wit and keen insight into human motivations, Austen's works continue to resonate with readers of all ages. This collection is a testament to her enduring legacy as a literary giant."
"Jane Austen's Letters by Jane Austen Deirdre Le Faye. Jane Austen's letters afford a unique insight into the daily life of the novelist intimate and gossipy, observant and informative, they bring alive her family and friends, her surroundings and contemporary events with a freshness unparalleled in modern biographies. Above all we recognize the unmistakable voice of the author of Pride and Prejudice, witty and amusing as she describes the social life of town and country, thoughtful and constructive when writing about the business of literary composition. R. W. Chapman's ground breaking edition of the collected Letters first appeared in 1932, and a second edition followed twenty years later. For this third edition Deirdre Le Faye has added new material that has come to light since 1952, and re ordered the letters into their correct chronological sequence. She has provided discreet and full annotation to each letter, including its provenance, and information on the watermarks, postmarks and other physical details of the manuscripts, together with new biographical, topographical and general indexes."
Persuasion by Jane Austen James Kinsley Anna Massey Richard S. Hartmetz Maurgaux Motin Deidre Shauna Lynch. No description available
Tea with Jane Austen by Kim Wilson Tom Carpenter. No description available
The Old Man and the Sea by Ernest Hemingway Donald Sutherland. No description available
"Cliffs Notes on Hemingway's The Old Man and the Sea by Jeanne Sallade Criswell Gary Carey. Quicklets Your Reading Sidekick! ABOUT THE BOOK Everything about him was old except his eyes and they were the same color as the sea and were cheerful and undefeated. The Old Man and the Sea is one of the most recognized titles in the American canon, the simple story of a man named Santiago, who has acquired iconic status for his encounter with the ultimate catch in the Atlantic ocean. The novel addresses themes common to many of Hemingways novels identity, manhood, death, and religion. His straightforward confrontation of these issues, central to the American experience, gives a contemporary relevance to the novel. Hemingway wrote The Old Man and the Sea in 1952 while in Cuba, the last book he published during his lifetime. The book is largely responsible for Hemingways celebrity, and was extremely successful before he died. The novel likely began as a story written for Esquire magazine in 1936 about a fisherman at sea, attacked by sharks while chasing a giant catch. The success of this story led him to expand it into a short novel. Hemingway published Across the River and Into the Trees in 1952, though it was met with great disappointment. Many doubted that the author had another great novel in him. Hemingway was concerned, as it was important to him that The Old Man and the Sea become a literary success. MEET THE AUTHOR Sara Sisun is a writer and painter born in Denver, Colorado. She received a BA in Art and Writing at Stanford University in 2009 and an MFA at the San Francisco Art Institute in 2011. She has studied at the Art Students League of Denver, the Slade School of Art, and Oxford University. She is the recipient of the Allied Arts Award, the New York Art Exchange Scholarship, and the Elizabeth Greenshields Fellowship. Sara currently teaches, writes, and paints in San Francisco, California. EXCERPT FROM THE BOOK He realizes that this fish is very, very large. He prays that he will be able to manage it, and that his hand will uncramp. As he drifts further out, and with nothing to occupy his time, he begins to wishes that he could fall asleep and dream about the lions because they are the only thing left. He misses getting to read the baseball scores, and he compares himself in his mind to the great DiMaggio, who plays with a bone spur in his heel, just as he is fishing with a cramped arm. The old man catches glimpses of the fish and knows that he is huge. He feels as though he is starting to lose his senses, and fervently hopes that the fish dies and not him. He reminds himself again and again to keep a clear head. As the fish pulls close to the boat, the old man grabs his harpoon and spears him as hard as he can. He drives the harpoon deeply into the fishs chest, he sense that the fish, has his death in him. The fish dies, floating to the surface of the ocean. The old man thinks the fish must be at least fifteen hundred pounds. Its eyes are as detached as a saints. The old man is running out of food and water, so he runs the line through the giant fishs gills and begins to tow him home. But as they are on their way when the old man becomes aware of a shark alongside the boat. The shark lunges for the fish, taking a chunk out of it for lunch When the fish is mutilated, the old man feels as though he has been mutilated. The old man guesses he has lost about forty pounds of fish from the blow, and that other sharks will be coming... Buy a copy to keep reading! CHAPTER OUTLINE Quicklet On Ernest Hemingway s The Old Man and the Sea About the Novel About the Author Overall Plot Summary Summary and Analysis ...and much more"
"Flaubert's Parrot by Julian Barnes. Geoffrey Braithwaite, a retired physician, devotes his final years to a manic examination of literary facts concerning his favourite author. Hilarious in many of its details, yet serious in its search for clues to Flaubert's character. Nominated for the 1984 Booker Prize."
Flaubert in Egypt A Sensibility on Tour by Gustave Flaubert Francis Steegmuller. No description available
A Sentimental Education by Gustave Flaubert Douglas Parm e. No description available
"Three Tales by Gustave Flaubert Roger Whitehouse Geoffrey Wall. Three stories by a French master First published in 1877, these three stories are dominated by questions of doubt, love, loneliness, and religious experience together they confirm Flaubert as a master of the short story. A Simple Heart relates the story of F licit , an uneducated serving woman who retains her Catholic faith despite a life of desolation and loss. The Legend of Saint Julian Hospitator, inspired by a stained glass window in Rouen cathedral, describes the fate of a sadistic hunter destined to murder his own parents. The blend of faith and cruelty that dominates this story may also be found in Herodias, a reworking of the tale of Salome and John the Baptist. This new edition is a completely new translation with a new introduction by Geoffrey Wall, Flaubert's acclaimed biographer. It features a chronology, further reading, and explanantory notes. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up to date translations by award winning translators."
"Sentimental Education by Gustave Flaubert Robert Baldick Geoffrey Wall. Sentimental Education Vol 1 by Gustave Flaubert Enter the vivid and turbulent world of 19th century France with Gustave Flaubert's novel Sentimental Education. The story follows the ambitious and idealistic Frederic Moreau as he navigates through love, society, and political upheaval. Set against the backdrop of the July Revolution of 1830, the novel is a poignant exploration of youth, passion, and the pursuit of happiness. Key Aspects of the Book Sentimental Education Vol 1 Historical Setting Flaubert skillfully weaves the personal lives of the characters into the broader historical context of 19th century France. Character Development The novel delves into the complexities of human emotions and relationships, capturing the hopes, dreams, and flaws of its diverse cast of characters. Social Commentary Flaubert's portrayal of Parisian society and political events offers a critical examination of the period's political and cultural climate. Gustave Flaubert was a French novelist considered one of the leading figures of literary realism. Born in 1821, Flaubert's meticulous writing style and attention to detail earned him praise as a master of prose. Sentimental Education is one of his significant works that reflects his keen observations of human behavior and society. Flaubert's contribution to literature continues to influence generations of writers and remains highly regarded in the literary canon."
The Family Idiot 5 Gustave Flaubert 1821 1857 by Jean Paul Sartre Carol Cosman. No description available
"Middlesex by Jeffrey Eugenides. It is unnecessary to spend words denying the position of Middlesex County in New England history, or to assert its preeminence over some of her sister counties of the commonwealth. The fact is that three separate counties in Massachusetts are entitled to the distinction of historic counties, and to each of them belongs distinguished and peculiar honor for the parts they have severally borne in the civilization of New England, and in contributing to the patriotism, valor and intelligence of the century. The history is given in twenty six divisions, beginning with the history of the Massachusetts Company, giving biographies of the leaders, their religious ideas and political ambitions next treating of the Pequot and King Philip's wars the period of historic transition from the Colonial to the Provincial government, and the events immediately preceding the Revolution. Naturally the interest in Mr. Drake's narrative centres in the great events attending the outhreak of the Revolution, and we accord high praise to his treatment of the battles of Lexington, Concord and Bunker Hill, the feeling of the country at the beginning of hostilities, and its condition after the investment of Boston."
Team of Rivals The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln by Doris Kearns Goodwin. No description available
"John Adams by David McCullough. Profiles John Adams, an influential patriot during the American Revolution who became the nation's first vice president and second president."
The John Adams Reader Eseential Writings on an American Composer by Thomas May John Adams. No description available
"The Letters of John and Abigail Adams by Abigail Adams Frank Shuffelton. The story of the Adamses as lovers, domestic partners, and patriots comes to life in this collection of their intimate correspondence."
"Passionate Sage The Character and Legacy of John Adams by Joseph J. Ellis. An absorbing, insightful profile of the revolutionary leader, president, husband, and father from one of our best historians, now in a beautiful new package. John Adams was unique among the nation s founders in leaving a record of his most intimate thoughts and feelings. Instinctively candid and politically incisive, Adams offers the clearest view of the ambitions and principles that drove the revolutionary generation. Passionate Sage offers a brilliant introduction to the second president his politics, his affinities for family and friendship even with political opponents like Jefferson, and his enduring significance. Ellis s palpable affection lends a pleasing glow to his profile of Adams, which is why Passionate Sage is his best book. Judith Shulevitz, New York Times Book Review Impassioned and erudite. . . . A captivating portrait of this Massachusetts native as a wonderfully contrary genius possessed of an uncommon moral intelligence and farsighted political wisdom. Michiko Kakutani, New York Times The best portrait of a Revolutionary era statesman. Evan Thomas, Wall Street Journal"
"The Portable John Adams by John Adams John Patrick Diggins. In addition to being an uncompromising defender of liberty, esteemed diplomat, and successor to George Washington, John Adams was a passionate and prolific writer. Adams biographer John Patrick Diggins gathers an impressive variety of his works in this compact, original volume, including parts of his diary and autobiography, and selections from his rich correspondence with this wife, Abigail, Thomas Jefferson, and others. The Portable John Adams also features his most important political works A Dissertation on Canon and Feudal Law, Thoughts on Government, A Defense of Constitutions, Novanglus, and Discources in Davila. There is no finer introduction to the protean genius of this seminal American philosopher. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up to date translations by award winning translators."
"Sex For Dummies by Ruth Westheimer. Everything you need to know about sex in the 21st century S e x isn t a bad three letter word but many of us are afraid to talk about it. In this new edition of the fun and comprehensive guide to sex, you ll find out how to approach intimacy in a new way to get the most pleasure from a physical relationship. Written by the world s favorite expert on the topic, Dr. Ruth helps you explore the ins and outs of dating and commitment, talk about sex with partners, and consider any health and social issues you may encounter along the way. As well as giving you all you need to know about how to make your sex life happy, safe, and rewarding, this edition of Sex for Dummies has been updated to include discussions of recent changes and issues surrounding sexual topics such as transgender rights and the metoo movement to provide a modern, 360 degree view of how our diverse sexualities impact and enrich the world around us. Whether experienced or not, get the low down on how sex works Find out how to spice up yoursex life Take precautions to stay healthy Discover 10 common sexual myths and why they re wrong Thanks to the timeless wisdom and unabashed honesty that only Dr. Ruth can offer, sex doesn t have to be taboo and this book makes it easier than ever to let your hair down in the bedroom while still keeping your head on straight!"
"Baby Signing For Dummies by Jennifer Watson. Top signs your baby or toddler should know Communicate with signing and strengthen your bond Want to sign with your baby? This guide shows you how to use sign language gestures to communicate with hearing infants and toddlers. Using baby specific signing techniques, you'll see how to lessen frustration and crying, as well as teach signs that your baby can use every day. Jennifer Watson teaches parent child baby signing classes and heads the Houston Signing Babies Support Group. Discover how to Introduce signs to your baby Get the whole family involved Incorporate signing in your daily life"
"The Feeling Good Handbook by David D. Burns. From the author of the national bestseller Feeling Good The New Mood Therapy comes a guide to mental wellness that helps you get beyond depression and anxiety and make life an exhilarating experience! With his phenomenally successful Feeling Good The New Mood Therapy, Dr. David Burns introduced a groundbreaking, drug free treatment for depression. In this bestselling companion, he reveals powerful new techniques and provides step by step exercises that help you cope with the full range of everyday problems. Free yourself from fears, phobias, and panic attacks. Overcome self defeating attitudes. Discover the five secrets of intimate communication. Put an end to marital conflict. Conquer procrastination and unleash your potential for success. With everything you need to know about commonly prescribed psychiatric drugs and anxiety disorders, such as agoraphobia and obsessive compulsive disorder, this remarkable guide can show you how to feel good about yourself and the people you care about. You will discover that life can be an exhilarating experience. A wonderful achievement the best in its class. M. Anthony Bates, clinical psychologist at Penn Presbyterian Medical Center in Philadelphia Clear, systematic, forceful. Albert Ellis, PhD, president of the Albert Ellis Institute"
On Death and Dying by Elisabeth K bler Ross. Discusses how the family and medical personnel can aid the terminally ill.
"Questions and Answers on Death and Dying A Companion Volume to On Death and Dying by Elisabeth K bler Ross. On Death and Dying is one of the most important books ever written on the subject and is still considered the bench mark in the care of the dying. It became an immediate bestseller, and Life magazine called it a profound lesson for the living. This companion volume consists of the questions that are most frequently asked of Dr. K bler Ross and her compassionate answers. She discusses accepting the end of life, suicide, terminal illness, euthanasia, how to tell a patient he or she is critically ill, and how to deal with all the special difficulties surrounding death. Questions and Answers on Death and Dying is a vital resource for doctors, nurses, members of the clergy, social workers, and lay people dealing with death and dying."
The Last Dance Encountering Death and Dying by Lynne Ann DeSpelder Albert Lee Strickland. No description available
"Mahatma Gandhi and His Myths Civil Disobedience Nonviolence and Satyagraha in the Real World Plus Why It's Gandhi Not Ghandi by Mark Shepard. All my actions have their source in my inalienable love of humankind. Gandhi Mahatma Gandhi is one of the least understood figures of all time even among his admirers. In this Annual Gandhi Lecture for the International Association of Gandhian Studies, Mark Shepard tackles some persistently wrong headed views of Gandhi, offering us a more accurate picture of the man and his nonviolence. A model of Gandhian journalism. . . . Shepard has put his finger on seemingly all of the popular and some less common misconceptions of both Gandhi and his philosophy, including some particularly important ones. . . . This book takes little space to cover its topic concisely and well. It would be some of the most valuable pages many people could read about Gandhi. Global Conscience, July Sept. 1990 Mark Shepard is the author of Mahatma Gandhi and His Myths, The Community of the Ark, and Gandhi Today, called by the American Library Association's Booklist a masterpiece of committed reporting. His writings on social alternatives have appeared in over 30 publications in the United States, Canada, England, Norway, Germany, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Japan, and India. SAMPLE I suspect that most of the myths and misconceptions surrounding Gandhi have to do with nonviolence. For instance, it's surprising how many people still have the idea that nonviolent action is passive. It's important for us to be clear about this There is nothing passive about Gandhian nonviolent action. I'm afraid Gandhi himself helped create this confusion by referring to his method at first as passive resistance, because it was in some ways like techniques bearing that label. But he soon changed his mind and rejected the term. Gandhi's nonviolent action was not an evasive strategy nor a defensive one. Gandhi was always on the offensive. He believed in confronting his opponents aggressively, in such a way that they could not avoid dealing with him. But wasn't Gandhi's nonviolent action designed to avoid violence? Yes and no. Gandhi steadfastly avoided violence toward his opponents. He did not avoid violence toward himself or his followers. Gandhi said that the nonviolent activist, like any soldier, had to be ready to die for the cause. And in fact, during India's struggle for independence, hundreds of Indians were killed by the British. The difference was that the nonviolent activist, while willing to die, was never willing to kill. Gandhi pointed out three possible responses to oppression and injustice. One he described as the coward's way to accept the wrong or run away from it. The second option was to stand and fight by force of arms. Gandhi said this was better than acceptance or running away. But the third way, he said, was best of all and required the most courage to stand and fight solely by nonviolent means."
The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People by Stephen R. Covey. No description available
"The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Personal Workbook by Stephen R. Covey. Stephen Covey's THE 7 HABITS OF HIGHLY EFFECTIVE PEOPLE took the self help market by storm in 1990 and has enjoyed phenomenal sales ever since. With over 15 million copies in print, the book has become a classic. Now a touchstone for millions of individuals, as well as for families and businesses, the integrated, principle centered 7 Habits philosophy has helped readers find solutions to their personal and professional problems, and achieve a life characterized by fairness, integrity, honesty, and dignity. Covey's tried and true step by step approach can now be even more thoroughly explored in this new workbook. With the same clarity and assurance that Covey's readers have come to know and love, the workbook helps readers further understand, appreciate, and internalize the power of the 7 Habits. These engaging, in depth exercises allow readers both devotees and newcomers to get their hands dirty as they develop a philosophy for success, set personal goals, and improve their relationships."
Daily Reflections For Highly Effective People Living the 7 Habits of Highly Successful People Every Day by Stephen R. Covey. No description available
Way of the Peaceful Warrior A Book That Changes Lives by Dan Millman. No description available
"Secret of the Peaceful Warrior by Dan Millman Robert D. San Souci T. Taylor Bruce. When Danny's family moves to a new neighborhood, he is confronted by a frightening bully. One night in a dream, Danny meets an old man with shining white hair a man who will soon appear in real life and share a wonderful secret. An inspirational story about courage and love. Full color illustrations."
"It's Not about the Bike My Journey Back to Life by Lance Armstrong Sally Jenkins. The champion cyclist recounts his diagnosis with cancer, the grueling treatments during which he was given a less than twenty percent chance for survival, his surprising victory in the 1999 Tour de France, and the birth of his son."
23 Days in July Inside the Tour de France and Lance Armstrong's Record Breaking Victory by John Wilcockson Graham Watson. No description available
"Truman by David McCullough. Given his background, President Truman was an unlikely champion of civil rights. Where he grew up the border state of Missouri segregation was accepted and largely unquestioned. Both his maternal and paternal grandparents had owned slaves, and his beloved mother, victimized by Yankee forces, railed against Abraham Lincoln for the remainder of her ninety four years. When Truman assumed the presidency on April 12, 1945, Michael R. Gardner points out, Washington, DC, in many ways resembled Cape Town, South Africa, under apartheid rule circa 1985. Truman's background notwithstanding, Gardner shows that it was Harry Truman not Franklin D. Roosevelt, Dwight D. Eisenhower, or John F. Kennedy who energized the modern civil rights movement, a movement that basically had stalled since Abraham Lincoln had freed the slaves. Gardner recounts Truman's public and private actions regarding black Americans. He analyzes speeches, private conversations with colleagues, the executive orders that shattered federal segregation policies, and the appointments of like minded civil rights activists to important positions. Among those appointments was the first black federal judge in the continental United States. Gardner characterizes Truman's evolution from a man who grew up in a racist household into a president willing to put his political career at mortal risk by actively supporting the interests of black Americans."
The Complete Stories of Truman Capote by Truman Capote Reynolds Price. No description available
"Breakfast at Tiffany's A Short Novel and Three Stories by Truman Capote. Immortalised in the film starring Audrey Hepburn, Truman Capote's classic 'Breakfast at Tiffany's' is full of sharp wit. Its exuberant cast of characters vividly captures the restless, slightly madcap era of early 1940s New York."
"Murder at The Washington Tribune Capital Crimes 21 by Margaret Truman. Truman can write suspense with the best of them. Larry King Satisfying . . . a solid mystery . . . a cautionary tale about ambition and a vote for journalistic integrity. Publishers Weekly At the big, aggressive Washington Tribune, a young woman, fresh out of journalism school, has been brutally strangled to death and the hunt for her killer is making sensational headlines. Then a second woman is found dead. She, too, worked in the media. For veteran Trib reporter Joe Wilcox, the case strikes too close to home His daughter is a beautiful rising TV news star. Seeing a chance to revive his free falling career, Joe spearheads the Trib s investigation and baits a trap for the murderer with a secret from his own past. Suddenly Joe is risking his career, his marriage, and even his daughter s life by playing a dangerous game with a possible serial killer . . . one who hides in plain sight. Ripe with suspense, Truman s mystery gets edgier with each page. . . . A captivating, fast paced thriller. Romantic Times Hooks the reader immediately. The Ottawa Sun"
"Murder at Ford's Theatre Capital Crimes 19 by Margaret Truman. It was the site of one of the most infamous assassinations in American history. Now bestselling mystery master Margaret Truman premieres a new murder at Ford s Theater one that s hot off today s headlines. The body of Nadia Zarinski, an attractive young woman who worked for senator Bruce Lerner and who volunteered at Ford s is discovered in the alley behind the theatre. Soon a pair of mismatched cops young, studious Rick Klieman and gregarious veteran Moses Mo Johnson start digging into the victim s life, and find themselves confronting an increasing cast of suspects. There s Virginia Senator Lerner himself, rumored to have had a sexual relationship with Nadia and half the women in D.C. under ninety. . . . Clarise Emerson, producer director of Ford s Theatre and ex wife of the Senator, whose nomination to head the National Endowment for the Arts NEA is now threatened by the scandal . . . Jeremiah Lerner, her aimless, hot tempered son, said to have been sleeping with Nadia when his famous father wasn t . . . Bernard Crowley, the theatre s controller, whose emotions overflow at the mention of the crime . . . faded British stage star Sydney Bancroft, desperate for recognition and a comeback, and armed with damning information about Clarise Emerson . . . and other complex characters from both sides of the footlights. With her unparalleled understanding of Washington and its players, and her savvy sense of how strange bedfellows cut deals even in the midst of mayhem, Margaret Truman always delivers the most sophisticated and satisfying suspense. Murder at Ford s Theatre is her most compelling, insightful novel yet, sure to earn her a standing ovation from her many fans and new followers alike."
"Other Voices Other Rooms by Truman Capote. Truman Capote s first novel is a story of almost supernatural intensity and inventiveness, an audacious foray into the mind of a sensitive boy as he seeks out the grown up enigmas of love and death in the ghostly landscape of the deep South. Intense, brilliant . . . . Capote has an astonishing command . . . a magic all his own. The Atlantic At the age of twelve, Joel Knox is summoned to meet the father who abandoned him at birth. But when Joel arrives at the decaying mansion in Skully s Landing, his father is nowhere in sight. What he finds instead is a sullen stepmother who delights in killing birds an uncle with the face and heart of a debauched child and a fearsome little girl named Idabel who may offer him the closest thing he has ever known to love."
In Cold Blood by Truman Capote Scott Brick. No description available
Emergence The Connected Lives of Ants Brains Cities and Software by Steven Johnson. In the tradition of Being Digital and The Tipping Point comes a groundbreaking and engaging book that makes sense of the cutting edge theory of emergence and demonstrates its relevance in today's world.
Emergence Labeled Autistic by Temple Grandin Margaret M. Scariano. No description available
"The Emergence of Life on Earth A Historical and Scientific Overview by Iris Fry. Essential reading for people in disciplines ranging from philosophy to biology. It is simply the best general book that I know on the question of the origin of life. Michael Ruse, author of Mystery of Mysteries Is Evolution a Social Construction? Fry has fashioned a masterful account of the history, philosophy, and science of the origin of life and the possibility of extraterrestrial life. Her story weaves profound Western ideas of who we are and where we came from, from Aristotle to Gould, from Kant to NASA. Woodruff Sullivan, University of Washington A rich source for the specialist and thought provoking reading for the lay person. Gunter Wachtershauser, University of Regensburg, Germany How did life emerge on Earth? Is there life on other worlds? These questions, until recently confined to the pages of speculative essays and tabloid headlines, are now the subject of legitimate scientific research. This book presents a unique perspective a combined historical, scientific, and philosophical anaylsis, which does justice to the complex nature of the subject. The book's first part offers an overview of the main ideas on the origin of life as they developed from antiquity until the twentieth century. The second, more detailed part of the book examines contemporary theories and major debates within the origin of life scientific community. Topics inclue Aristotle and the Greek atomists' conceptions of the organism Alexander Oparin and J.B.S. Haldane's 1920s breakthrough papers Possible life on Mars?"
"The Ghost Stories of Edith Wharton by Edith Wharton Laszlo Kubinyi. Set in the bleak mansions of England, America, and Normandy, eleven classic tales depict the terrors of persons confronted by unearthly entities."
"The House of Mirth The Reef The Custom of the Country The Age of Innocence by Edith Wharton R.W.B. Lewis. The four novels in this volume show Wharton at the height of her powers as a social observer and critic, examining American and European lives with a vision rich in detail, satire, and tragedy."
"Collected Stories 1911 1937 by Edith Wharton Maureen Howard. Library of America presents the second volume in a landmark two volume collector's edition of the incomparable stories of an American master. Born into an upper class New York family, Edith Wharton broke with convention and became a professional writer, earning an enduring place as the grande dame of American letters. This Library of America collection along with its companion volume, Collected Stories 1891 1910 presents the finest of Wharton's achievement in short fiction, drawn from the more than eighty stories she published over the course of her career. In this volume, Wharton s humor is abundantly evident in sly and subtle stories like Xingu in which a ladies reading group is led to express its enthusiasm for an occult philosophy and Charm Incorporated about a mild mannered Wall Street executive overwhelmed by his migr wife s needy but wonderful relatives . As always, Wharton s is a provocative voice on the subject of sexuality and women s roles. In The Day of the Funeral, Joy in the House, and Atrophy, love and desire confront the demands of polite society in Roman Fever, a formal tour de force, two middle aged women on holiday with their modern daughters revisit the fierce competitiveness of their own youth. Of particular interest are Wharton s stories of the uncanny and the supernatural, like the grisly A Bottle of Perrier, set in the North African desert, and the chilling All Souls , written just before her death. An unacknowledged master of American horror fiction, Wharton s lucid prose makes all the more powerful her exploration of the irrational forces underlying ordinary life. Also included in this edition are a chronology of Wharton s life, explanatory notes, and an essay on the texts. LIBRARY OF AMERICA is an independent nonprofit cultural organization founded in 1979 to preserve our nation s literary heritage by publishing, and keeping permanently in print, America s best and most significant writing. The Library of America series includes more than 300 volumes to date, authoritative editions that average 1,000 pages in length, feature cloth covers, sewn bindings, and ribbon markers, and are printed on premium acid free paper that will last for centuries."
Novellas and Other Writings Madame de Treymes Ethan Frome Summer Old New York The Mother s Recompense A Backward Glance by Edith Wharton Cynthia Griffin Wolff. No description available
The House of Mirth by Edith Wharton. No description available
"Below the Root by Zilpha Keatley Snyder Alton Raible. In the Newbery Honor winning author s compelling fantasy for young adults, a boy is chosen to rule his idyllic land only to discover its dark secrets Publishers Weekly . Green sky is an ideal place. Violence doesn t exist. Its citizens, the Kindar, glide from tree to tree and exchange happy thoughts. This is all thanks to their rulers, the Ol zhaan. And on his thirteenth birthday, Raamo D ok is chosen to become one of the Ol zhaan. Raamo is surprised to be named a Chosen. He isn t a very good student but the Ol zhaan believe he has strong Spirit force. But during his training, Raamo discovers that these good rulers aren t as benevolent as they appear. They harbor secrets about his people, his family, and what lies below the forest floor. Now Raamo must decide Should he keep the peace, or reveal the secrets that the Ol zhaan have protected for so long? This ebook features an extended biography of Zilpha Keatley Snyder."
The Witches of Worm by Zilpha Keatley Snyder. No description available
The Deeper Meaning of Liff by Douglas Adams John Lloyd. No description available
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency Dirk Gently 1 by Douglas Adams. Now a BBC America TV series event Cover.
The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien by J.R.R. Tolkien Humphrey Carpenter Christopher Tolkien. No description available
The History of the Lord of the Rings The History of Middle earth 6 9 by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien. Complete integrated indices of History of Middle earth volumes. For the first time every index from each of the twelve volumes of The History of Middle earth has been published together in a single volume to create a supreme index charting the writing of Tolkien's masterpieces The Lord of The Rings and The Silmarillion.
The Languages of Tolkien's Middle Earth by Ruth S. Noel J.R.R. Tolkien. No description available
"The Lord of the Rings 3 volumes set The Lord of the Rings 1 3 by J.R.R. Tolkien. Immerse yourself in Middle earth with J.R.R. Tolkien s classic masterpieces behind the films... This special 50th anniversary edition includes three volumes of The Lord of the Rings The Fellowship of the Ring, The Two Towers, and The Return of the King , along with an extensive new index a must own tome for old and new Tolkien readers alike. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them. In ancient times the Rings of Power were crafted by the Elven smiths, and Sauron, the Dark Lord, forged the One Ring, filling it with his own power so that he could rule all others. But the One Ring was taken from him, and though he sought it throughout Middle earth, it remained lost to him. After many ages it fell by chance into the hands of the hobbit Bilbo Baggins. From Sauron's fastness in the Dark Tower of Mordor, his power spread far and wide. Sauron gathered all the Great Rings to him, but always he searched for the One Ring that would complete his dominion. When Bilbo reached his eleventy first birthday he disappeared, bequeathing to his young cousin Frodo the Ruling Ring and a perilous quest to journey across Middle earth, deep into the shadow of the Dark Lord, and destroy the Ring by casting it into the Cracks of Doom. The Lord of the Rings tells of the great quest undertaken by Frodo and the Fellowship of the Ring Gandalf the Wizard the hobbits Merry, Pippin, and Sam Gimli the Dwarf Legolas the Elf Boromir of Gondor and a tall, mysterious stranger called Strider. J.R.R. Tolkien 1892 1973 , beloved throughout the world as the creator of The Hobbit, The Lord of the Rings, and The Silmarillion, was a professor of Anglo Saxon at Oxford, a fellow of Pembroke College, and a fellow of Merton College until his retirement in 1959. His chief interest was the linguistic aspects of the early English written tradition, but while he studied classic works of the past, he was creating a set of his own."
Farmer Giles of Ham by J.R.R. Tolkien Christina Scull Wayne G. Hammond. No description available
"Tandia by Bryce Courtenay. Tandia sat waiting anxiously for the fight to begin between the man she loved the most and the man she hated the most in the world. Tandia is a child of Africa half Indian, half African, beautiful and intelligent, she is only sixteen when she is first brutalised by the police. Her fear of the white man leads her to join the black resistance movement, where she trains as a terrorist. With her in the fight for justice is the one white man Tandia can trust, the welterweight champion of the world, Peekay. Now he must fight their common enemy in order to save both their lives. 'This is a marvellous book ... first and foremost it is a momentous story, for Bryce Courtenay is a glorious storyteller.' The Advertiser 'Nine hundred pages of sheer blockbuster pleasure.' Sunday Age"
"Matthew Flinders' Cat by Bryce Courtenay. Billy O Shannessy, once a prominent barrister, is now on the street, where he sleeps on a bench outside the State Library. Above him on the window sill rests a bronze statue of Matthew Flinders cat, Trim. Ryan is a ten year old, a near street kid heading for the usual trouble. The two of them form an unlikely bond.In telling Ryan the story of Flinders circumnavigation of Australia as seen through Trim s eyes, Billy is drawn deeply into Ryan s life and into the Sydney underworld."
"Solomon's Song The Potato Factory 3 by Bryce Courtenay. When Mary Abacus dies, she leaves her business empire in the hands of the warring Solomon family. Hawk Solomon is determined to bring together both sides of the tribe but it is the new generation who must fight to change the future. Solomons are pitted against Solomons as the families are locked in a bitter struggle that crosses battlefields and continents to reach a powerful conclusion. ''solomon's Song'' is a novel of courage and betrayal in which Bryce Courtenay tells the story of Australia's journey to nationhood."
An Introduction to Old Norse by E.V. Gordon A.R. Taylor. No description available
"Cold Counsel Women in Old Norse Literature and Myth by Sarah M. Anderson Karen Swenson. Cold Counsel is the only collection devoted to the place of women in Old Norse literature and culture. It draws upon the disciplines of history, sociology, feminism, ethnography and psychoanalysis in order to raise fresh questions about such new subjects as gender, class, sexuality, family structure and ideology in medieval Iceland."
Brave Companions Portraits in History by David McCullough. No description available
"Mornings on Horseback The Story of an Extraordinary Family a Vanished Way of Life and the Unique Child Who Became Theodore Roosevelt by David McCullough. The National Book Award winning biography that tells the story of how young Teddy Roosevelt transformed himself from a sickly boy into the vigorous man who would become a war hero and ultimately president of the United States, told by master historian David McCullough. Mornings on Horseback is the brilliant biography of the young Theodore Roosevelt. Hailed as a masterpiece John A. Gable, Newsday , it is the winner of the Los Angeles Times 1981 Book Prize for Biography and the National Book Award for Biography. Written by David McCullough, the author of Truman, this is the story of a remarkable little boy, seriously handicapped by recurrent and almost fatal asthma attacks, and his struggle to manhood an amazing metamorphosis seen in the context of the very uncommon household in which he was raised. The father is the first Theodore Roosevelt, a figure of unbounded energy, enormously attractive and selfless, a god in the eyes of his small, frail namesake. The mother, Mittie Bulloch Roosevelt, is a Southerner and a celebrated beauty, but also considerably more, which the book makes clear as never before. There are sisters Anna and Corinne, brother Elliott who becomes the father of Eleanor Roosevelt , and the lovely, tragic Alice Lee, TR s first love. All are brought to life to make a beautifully told story, filled with fresh detail The New York Times Book Review . A book to be read on many levels, it is at once an enthralling story, a brilliant social history and a work of important scholarship which does away with several old myths and breaks entirely new ground. It is a book about life intensely lived, about family love and loyalty, about grief and courage, about blessed mornings on horseback beneath the wide blue skies of the Badlands."
The Johnstown Flood by David McCullough. No description available
The Path Between the Seas The Creation of the Panama Canal 1870 1914 by David McCullough. No description available
"The Bone Collector Lincoln Rhyme 1 by Jeffery Deaver. DON'T MISS THE NBC TELEVISION SERIES LINCOLN RHYME HUNT FOR THE BONE COLLECTOR The first novel in the New York Times bestselling series featuring forensic detective Lincoln Rhyme from the author of The Never Game. Lightning paced a breakneck thrill ride. The Wall Street Journal Lincoln Rhyme was once a brilliant criminologist, a genius in the field of forensics until an accident left him physically and emotionally shattered. But now a diabolical killer is challenging Rhyme to a terrifying and ingenious duel of wits. With police detective Amelia Sachs by his side, Rhyme must follow a labyrinth of clues that reaches back to a dark chapter in New York City s past and reach further into the darkness of the mind of a madman who won t stop until he has stripped life down to the bone. Includes the short story A Perfect Plan and a chapter from The Midnight Lock."
"The Bone Collector's Son by Paul Yee. In 1907 Vancouver, Canada, after helping unearth a skeleton to be returned for burial in China, fourteen year old Bing experiences strange events that cause him to confront his fear of both ghosts and of his father."
"El Coleccionista De Huesos Lincoln Rhyme 1 by Jeffery Deaver. Lincoln Rhyme, uno de los principales criminalistas forenses del mundo, es tetraplejico, por lo que vive atado a su cama. Cuando planea suicidarse recibe la llamada de un antiguo companero enterrada en una via del tren del West Side neoyorquino se ha encontrado la mano de un hombre que cogio un taxi del que nunca saldria, su conductor era el coleccionista de huesos. Solo Rhyme puede descifrar las pistas que va dejando este inteligentisimo psicopata. La oficial de policia Amelia Sachs sera sus brazos y sus piernas en una apasionante carrera para detener el horror. Amazon.com."
Moby Dick by Herman Melville William Hootkins. No description available
"Moby Dick by Jan Needle Patrick Benson Herman Melville. Moby Dick or, The Whale Herman Melville Moby Dick or, The Whale is a novel by American writer Herman Melville, published in 1851 during the period of the American Renaissance. Sailor Ishmael tells the story of the obsessive quest of Ahab, captain of the whaler Pequod, for revenge on Moby Dick, the white whale that on the previous whaling voyage bit off Ahab's leg at the knee. The writing career of Herman Melville 1819 1891 peaked early, with his early novels, such as Typee becoming best sellers. By the mid 1850s his poularity declined sharply, and by the time he died he had been largely forgotten. Yet in time his novel Moby Dick came to be regarded as one of the finest works of American, and indeed world, literature, as was Billy Budd, which was not published until long after his death, in 1924."
Moby Dick by Herman Melville Carl F. Hovde. No description available
"Herman Melville's Moby Dick A Routledge Study Guide and Sourcebook by Michael J. Davey Duncan Wu. No book is more central to the study of nineteenth century American literature than Herman Melville's Moby Dick or The Whale. First published it 1851, it still speaks powerfully to readers today. Combining reprinted documents with clear introductions for student readers, this volume examines the contexts of and critical responses to Melville's work. It draws together an introduction to the contexts in which Melville was writing and relevant contextual documents, including letters chronology of key facts and dates critical history and extracts from early reviews and modern criticism fully annotated key passages from the novel a list of biblical allusions an annotated guide to further reading. Extensive cross references link contextual information, critical materials and passages from the novel providing a wide ranging view of the work and ensuring a successful and enjoyable encounter with the world of Moby Dick."
"Moby Dick or The White Whale Oxford Illustrated Classics by Geraldine McCaughrean Victor G. Ambrus Herman Melville. A young seaman joins the crew of the whaling ship Pequod, led by the fanatical Captain Ahab in pursuit of the white whale Moby Dick."
Melville's Moby Dick An American Nekyia Studies in Jungian Psychology by Jungian Analysts by Edward F. Edinger. No description available
"Moby Dick Or the White Whale Oxford Illustrated Classics Series by Geraldine McCaughrean Victor G. Ambrus Herman Melville. A young seaman joins the crew of the whaling ship Pequod, led by the fanatical Captain Ahab in pursuit of the white whale Moby Dick."
Melville and the politics of identity From King Lear to Moby Dick by Julian Markels. No description available
"Unpainted to the Last Moby Dick and Twentieth century American Art by Elizabeth A. Schultz. Endlessly pursued but ever elusive, Moby Dick roams freely throughout the American imagination. A fathomless source for literary exploration, Melville's masterpiece has also inspired a stunning array of book illustrations, prints, comics, paintings, sculptures, mixed media, and even architectural designs. Innovative and lavishly illustrated, Unpainted to the Last illuminates this impressive body of work and shows how it opens up our understanding of both Moby Dick and twentieth century American art. The most continuously, frequently, and diversely illustrated of all American novels, Moby Dick has attracted some remarkable book illustrators in Rockwell Kent, Boardman Robinson, Garrick Palmer, Barry Moser, and Bill Sienkiewicz, among others represented here. It has also inspired extraordinary creations by such prominent artists as Jackson Pollock, Frank Stella, Sam Francis, Benton Spruance, Leonard Baskin, Theodoros Stamos, Richard Ellis, Ralph Goings, Seymour Lipton, Walter Martin, Tony Rosenthal, Richard Serra, and Theodore Roszak. The artists reflect in equal measure the novel's realistic plot, character, natural history and philosophical modes, its visual and visionary dimensions. Some, like the obsessed and haunted Gilbert Wilson, claim Moby Dick as their Bible. Still others view the novel as a touchstone for feminist, multicultural, and environmentalist themes, or mock its status as a cultural icon."
"Double Tap Paul Madriani 8 by Steve Martini. New York Times bestselling author Steve Martini takes legal thrillers to a new level in this Paul Madriani novel about a soldier's secrets and a government's lies... A beautiful businesswoman, founder of a high tech software company catering to the military, is found dead, two tightly grouped bullet wounds to her a head a double tap, the trademark of highly skilled assassins. Paul Madriani takes the case of the man accused of the crime a career soldier who refuses to explain the mysterious gaps in his military r sum . Faced with an uncooperative client, Madriani begins a dangerous search for the truth in the soldier's shadowy past, in the victim's deadly secrets..."
"The List by Steve Martini. You are the Wordsmith now. Are you ready for the challenge? The city of Ark is the last safe place on Earth. To make sure humans avoid the mistakes of their past and are able to survive, everyone in Ark must speak List, a language of only 500 words. Everyone, that is, except Letta. As apprentice to the Wordsmith, Letta can read all the words that have ever existed. Words like freedom, music, and even pineapple tell her about a world she s never known. One day her master disappears and the leaders of Ark tell Letta she is the new Wordsmith and must shorten List to fewer and fewer words. When Letta meets a mysterious boy who somehow knows all the words that have been banned, she s faced with a dangerous choice sit idly by and watch language slowly slip away or follow a stranger on a path to freedom ... or banishment."
"Witches Abroad Discworld 12 Witches 3 by Terry Pratchett. Be careful what you wish for... Once upon a time there was a fairy godmother named Desiderata who had a good heart, a wise head, and poor planning skills which unforunately left the Princess Emberella in the care of her other not quite so good and wise godmother when DEATH came for Desiderata. So now it's up to Magrat Garlick, Granny Weatherwax, and Nanny Ogg to hop on broomsticks and make for far distant Genua to ensure the servant girl doesn't marry the Prince. But the road to Genua is bumpy, and along the way the trio of witches encounters the occasional vampire, werewolf, and falling house well this is a fairy tale, after all . The trouble really begins once these reluctant foster godmothers arrive in Genua and must outwit their power hungry counterpart who'll stop at nothing to achieve a proper happy ending even if it means destroying a kingdom."
The Innocents Abroad by Mark Twain Grover Gardner. No description available
Teaching English Abroad by Susan Griffith. No description available
Theocritus Select Poems Select Poems by Theocritus Kenneth James Dover. No description available
The Shield. Catalogue of Women. Other Fragments. Hesiod II by Hesiod Glenn W. Most. No description available
Death and the King's Horseman by Wole Soyinka Simon Gikandi. No description available
The Time Machine by H.G. Wells Patrick Parrinder Steven McLean Marina Warner. No description available
"The Time Machine by H.G. Wells Cynthia Brantley Johnson Benjamin Beard. The Time Traveller, a mysterious and brilliant inventor, makes a journey to the year 802,701 AD. Earth is a lush paradise inhabited by two humanoid species the Eloi and the Morlocks. But he soon realizes that this seeming utopia hides darker secrets. The Eloi are peaceful, but apathetic and frail the monstrous Morlocks live underground and hunt the Eloi by night. This bleak glimpse of the future forces the Time Traveller to reexamine Victorian England's beliefs about progress and inequality. When the Morlocks steal his time machine, will the Time Traveller ever make it back to his own time? Written by British author H. G. Wells and first published in 1895, this is an unabridged version of the science fiction adventure that first introduced the concept of a time machine."
The Ultimate Time Machine A Remote Viewer's Perception of Time Predictions for the New Millennium by Joseph McMoneagle. No description available
The Time Machine by H.G. Wells Melvin Burgess. No description available
The Complete Short Stories by H.G. Wells John R. Hammond. No description available
Selected Stories by H.G. Wells Ursula K. Le Guin. No description available
Tono Bungay by H.G. Wells Edward Mendelson Patrick Parrinder. No description available
The Name of the Rose Everyman's Library Cloth by Umberto Eco. No description available
In the Name of Jesus Reflections on Christian Leadership by Henri J.M. Nouwen. Reflections on ministry and Christian leadership by one of our greatest modern spiritual writers.
"Blood Done Sign My Name A True Story by Timothy B. Tyson. The riveting true story of the fiery summer of 1970, which would forever transform the town of Oxford, North Carolina a classic portrait of the fight for civil rights in the tradition of To Kill a Mockingbird Chicago Tribune On May 11, 1970, Henry Marrow, a twenty three year old black veteran, walked into a crossroads store owned by Robert Teel and came out running. Teel and two of his sons chased and beat Marrow, then killed him in public as he pleaded for his life. Like many small Southern towns, Oxford had barely been touched by the civil rights movement. But in the wake of the killing, young African Americans took to the streets. While lawyers battled in the courthouse, the Klan raged in the shadows and black Vietnam veterans torched the town s tobacco warehouses. Tyson s father, the pastor of Oxford s all white Methodist church, urged the town to come to terms with its bloody racial history. In the end, however, the Tyson family was forced to move away. Tim Tyson s gripping narrative brings gritty blues truth and soaring gospel vision to a shocking episode of our history. FINALIST FOR THE NATIONAL BOOK CRITICS CIRCLE AWARD If you want to read only one book to understand the uniquely American struggle for racial equality and the swirls of emotion around it, this is it. Milwaukee Journal Sentinel Blood Done Sign My Name is a most important book and one of the most powerful meditations on race in America that I have ever read. Cleveland Plain Dealer Pulses with vital paradox . . . It s a detached dissertation, a damning dark night of the white soul, and a ripping yarn, all united by Tyson s powerful voice, a brainy, booming Bubba profundo. Entertainment Weekly Engaging and frequently stunning. San Diego Union Tribune"
"Blindness by Jos Saramago Giovanni Pontiero. A comprehensive guide to causes of blindness, information on diseases and treatments available."
"The Gospel According to Jesus Christ by Jos Saramago Giovanni Pontiero. Christianity is in crisis. We live in a time when millions of people profoundly misunderstand the message of the Gospel. They believe that being a Christian means little more than being a nice person. They view Jesus as a wise moral teacher who showed us how to live better lives, and they conclude that the love of humanity is our greatest cause and its progress our primary purpose. Whatever else may be said of this view of Christianity, it is certainly not what Jesus taught. It is an attempt to replace the concepts of sin, redemption, and salvation with the more socially acceptable virtues of tolerance, compassion, and social progress. It elevates humanity and the world above God and his kingdom and reduces Jesus to a mere moral philosopher. But who did Jesus say he was? What was the essential message of Christ? The Gospel According to Christ answers those questions by examining the words of Jesus, in their context and in their entirety. The answers will be shocking to many Christians."
"All the Names by Jos Saramago Margaret Jull Costa. From a Nobel Prize winner A psychological, even metaphysical thriller that will keep you turning the pages . . . with growing alarm and alacrity. The Seattle Times A Washington Post Book World Favorite Book of the Year Senhor Jos is a low grade clerk in the city s Central Registry, where the living and the dead share the same shelf space. A middle aged bachelor, he has no interest in anything beyond the certificates of birth, marriage, divorce, and death that are his daily routine. But one day, when he comes across the records of an anonymous young woman, something happens to him. Obsessed, Senhor Jos sets off to follow the thread that may lead him to the woman but as he gets closer, he discovers more about her, and about himself, than he would ever have wished. The loneliness of people s lives, the effects of chance, the discovery of love all coalesce in this extraordinary novel that displays the power and art of Jos Saramago in brilliant form."
"The Tale of the Unknown Island by Jos Saramago Peter S s Margaret Jull Costa. A dreamer petitions his king for a boat and gets more than he bargained for in this richly enigmatic short story by the Nobel Prize winning author Kirkus . A man went to knock at the king's door and said, Give me a boat. The king's house had many other doors, but this was the door for petitions. But the king spent all his time sitting at the door for favors favors being offered to the king, you understand , whenever he heard someone knocking at the door for petitions, he would pretend not to hear . . . So begins this beautifully illustrated and deceptively simple fable. Why the petitioner required a boat, where he was bound for, and who volunteered to crew for him, the reader will soon discover. In a departure from his linguistically dense and sprawling historical novels, Jose Saramago presents a philosophic love story worthy of Swift or Voltaire."
"Baltasar and Blimunda by Jos Saramago Giovanni Pontiero. A romance and an adventure, a rumination on royalty and religion in 18th century Portugal and a bitterly ironic comment on the uses of power. The New York Times Portugal, 1711. The Portuguese king promises the greedy prelates of the Church an expansive new convent, should they intercede with God to give him an heir. A lonely priest works in maniacal solitude on his Passarola, a heretical flying machine he hopes will allow him to soar far from the madness surrounding him. A young couple, brought together by chance, live out a sweet, if tormented, romance. Meanwhile, amid the fires and horrors of the Inquisition, angry crowds and abused peasants rejoice in spectacles of cruelty, from bullfighting to auto da fe disgraced priests openly flout God s laws and chaos reigns over a society on the brink of disaster. Weaving together multiple storylines to present both breathtaking fiction and incisive commentary, renowned Portuguese writer and winner of the 1998 Nobel Prize in Literature, Jos Saramago spins an epic and captivating yarn, equal parts historical fiction, political satire, religious criticism, and whimsical romance. Hailed by USA Today as an unexpected gem, Baltasar and Blimunda is a captivating literary tour de force, full of magic and adventure, exquisite historical detail, and the power of both human folly and human will."
"The Cave by Jos Saramago Margaret Jull Costa. When a nuclear war devastates the U.S., a four day excursion quickly turns into a fight for survival in The Cave. Six Stanford students journey into one of the deepest and longest caves in North America. A day into their journey, a nuclear war begins from within the U.S. Unable to return to the surface, and unsure what they will find when they do, the Cave will test the strength and survival of each person differently transforming six individuals into a team, and ultimately...a family."
"The Stone Raft by Jos Saramago Giovanni Pontiero. When a rift opens up along the border between Spain and France, the Iberian peninsula floats off westward across the Atlantic, a great stone raft. The impact is fundamental, as the North American powers look to acquire a whole new tract of land."
"The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis by Jos Saramago Giovanni Pontiero. From the Nobel Prize winning author A capacious, funny, threatening novel of wandering souls and political upheaval in 1930s Portugal The New York Times Book Review . The year is 1936, and the dictator Ant nio de Oliveira Salazar is establishing himself in Portugal, edging his country toward civil war. At the same time, Dr. Ricardo Reis has returned home to Lisbon after a long sojourn in Brazil. What s brought him back is word that the great poet, Fernando Pessoa, has died. With no intention of resuming his practice, Reis now dabbles in his own poetry, wastes his days strolling the boulevards and back streets, engages in affairs with two different women and is followed through each excursion by Pessoa s ghost. As a fascist revolution roils, and as Reis s path intersects with three relative strangers two living, one dead Reis may finally discover the reality of his own chimerical existence. A rich story about human relationships and dreams. The New York Times Called a magnificent tour de force, perhaps one of the best novels published in Europe since World War II The Bloomsbury Review and altogether remarkable The Wall Street Journal , The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis is a PEN Award winner and stands among the finest works by the author of Blindness. Translated by Giovanni Pontiero"
El hombre duplicado by Jos Saramago Pilar del R o. No description available
"Ensayo sobre la lucidez by Jos Saramago Pilar del R o. 2022 A O SARAMAGO Una novela sobre la libertad y la capacidad para cambiar el mundo del individuo.Un escritor que es la conciencia l cida de una poca cegada por los mecanismos del poder . U na llamada de alerta la sociedad . Aullemos, dijo el perro . Libro de l a s Voce s Durante las elecciones municipales de una ciudad sin nombre, la mayor a de sus habitantes decide de forma espont nea ejercer su derecho al voto de una manera inesperada. El gobierno teme que ese gesto revolucionario capaz de socavar los cimientos de una democracia que tal vez no sea lo que dice ser propicie su ca da, de ah que lo presente como producto de una conjura anarquista internacional o de grupos extremistas desconocidos. Las cloacas del poder se ponen en marcha los culpables tienen que ser eliminados. Y si no se hallan, se inventan. Los protagonistas de Ensayo sobre la lucidez, un inspector de polic a y la mujer que conserv la vista en la epidemia de ceguera blanca de Ensayo sobre la ceguera, dan muestras de la altura moral que los ciudadanos an nimos pueden alcanzar cuando deciden ejercer la libertad. Con esta obra, Saramago, un escritor reconocido como la conciencia l cida de una poca cegada por los mecanismos del poder, lanza una llamada de alerta Puede suceder que un d a tengamos que preguntarnos Qui n ha firmado esto por m . Ese d a puede ser hoy. La cr tica ha dicho Una excelente novela ... donde no se pone en tela de juicio la democracia en s misma, sino sus formas . El Pa s Saramago vuelve comprensible una realidad huidiza, con par bolas sostenidas por la imaginaci n, la compasi n y la iron a . Comit Nobel Un hombre con una sensibilidad y una capacidad de ver y de entender que est n muy por encima de lo que en general vemos y entendemos los comunes mortales . H ctor Abad Faciolince Saramago es un ejemplo, un estilo dign simo de vida y literatura, que demuestra la posibilidad de navegar a contracorriente ... . Su palabra tiene elvalor de un anticongelante, de un remedio personal contra los vendavales de cinismo que nos envuelven . Luis Garc a Montero Yo no s , ni quiero saberlo, de d nde ha sacado Saramago ese diab lico tono narrativo, duro y piadoso a un tiempo, ... que le permite contar tan cerca del coraz n y a la vez tan cerca de la historia . Luis Landero Saramago escribe novelas sobre los mitos para desmitificarlos, ... siempre para abordar la realidad que le rodea, para tratar de los problemas actuales que son de todos, y para que todo quede claro desde el principio . Rafael Conte, Babelia Como G nter Grass o Cees Nooteboom, Saramago aspira a enlazar con un p blico que desborde l mites nacionales . El Pa s"
"La caverna by Jos Saramago Pilar del R o. La vicenda incentrata su una onesta famiglia di artigiani composta da Cipriano Algor, vasaio, la figlia Marta e il genero Mar al, guardiano in prova presso il Centro, un luogo misterioso, fulcro di ogni attivit economica e amministrativa. La vita procede normalmente, con il vasaio che consegna a scadenze regolari le sue stoviglie al magazzino del Centro, finch un giorno, inaspettatamente, il Centro annulla il suo ordine per le ceramiche, gettando Cipriano nell angoscia di un futuro improvvisamente incerto. A quel punto padre e figlia decidono di cimentarsi in un nuovo progetto delle statuette d argilla raffiguranti diversi personaggi. Contro ogni previsione, il Centro accetta di comprarle. Ma, altrettanto rapidamente, l ordine viene annullato e Cipriano, la figlia e il genero non hanno altra scelta che traslocare nel Centro, dove Mar al ha diritto a un appartamento. Poco dopo essersi trasferiti, cominciano a sentire misteriosi rumori provenire proprio da sotto la loro casa. La loro indagine li condurr a svelare un mistero, che trasformer per sempre la loro esistenza. In quello che stato definito, a buon titolo, uno dei romanzi fondamentali del nostro tempo, Saramago focalizza il nostro essere in balia dei dettami della globalizzazione e di un potere burocratico senza volto, ammiccante e al contempo spietato."
The History of the Siege of Lisbon by Jos Saramago Giovanni Pontiero. No description available
Las intermitencias de la muerte by Jos Saramago Pilar del R o. No description available
The Treasured Writings of Kahlil Gibran by Kahlil Gibran. No description available
"The Prophet by Kahlil Gibran Jihad El. The Prophet is a collection of poetic essays that are philosophical, spiritual, and, above all, inspirational. Gibran's musings are divided into twenty eight chapters covering such sprawling topics as love, marriage, children, giving, eating and drinking, work, joy and sorrow, housing, clothes, buying and selling, crime and punishment, laws, freedom, reason and passion, pain, self knowledge, teaching, friendship, talking, time, good and evil, prayer, pleasure, beauty, religion, and death."
"A Tear and a Smile by Kahlil Gibran H.M. Nahmad Robert Hillyer. Gibran Kahlil Gibran January 6, 1883 April 10, 1931 usually referred to in English as Kahlil Gibran. He was a Lebanese American wirter, poet and visual artist. He was also considered as a philosopher. His best book is 'The Prophet'. It was one of the best selling books of all time. The achievement is that the book has been translated into more than 100 language. The present book 'A Tear and a Smile' is a wonderful bunch of poetry. And a beautiful anthology. Poetry I would not exchange the sorrows of my heart. For the joys of the multitude. And I would not have the tears that sadness makes. To flow from my every part turn into laughter. I would that my life remain a tear and a smile. Poetry are filled with great thoughts and also in depth feelings. Poetry are related to life. So one has to focus on the understanding and in depth message in each poetry. The author has nicely related the value of Tear and Smile in to his poetry. Every poem is admirable. The cry of your spirit and I am come to comfort it. Open your heart to me and I shall fill it with light. Author has focussed on feelings. Spiritual feelings the author narrates the pain sorrows in this world. Tears flush out sorrows and grief. Smile always gives confidence and how to face all the situations. When heart is filled with emotions and by the hurt feelings, then tears are there to help you out. Gibran thus narrates how sorrow of the heart tears of sadness makes like how into joy. So a tear can lead to a smile because happiness and sorrow come hand in hand. Our sorrows purify us and makes us understand the world."
On the Road by Jack Kerouac. No description available
"On the Road by Jack Kerouac Ann Charters. On September 5, 1957, Jack Kerouac?s novel On The Road was published. Since then, few books have had as profound an impact on American culture. Pulsating with the rhythms of late 1940s 1950s underground America, jazz, sex, illicit drugs, and the mystery and promise of the open road, Kerouac?s classic novel of freedom and longing defined what it meant to be?Beat? and has inspired generations of writers, musicians, artists, poets and seekers who cite their discovery of the book as the event that?set them free.? Based on Kerouac?s adventures with Neal Cassady, On The Road tells the story of two friends whose four cross country road trips are a quest for meaning and true experience. Expressing a mixture of sad eyed na vet and wild abandon, and imbued with Kerouac?s love of America, his compassion for humanity, and his sense of language as jazz, On The Road is the quintessential American vision of freedom and hope. It changed American literature and changed anyone who has ever picked it up."
De Kooning An American Master by Mark Stevens Annalyn Swan. No description available
Willem de Kooning Late Paintings by Julie Sylvester David Sylvester. No description available
Ak The Years of Childhood by Wole Soyinka. No description available
"Ready for Anything 52 Productivity Principles for Getting Things Done by David Allen. In his bestselling first book, Getting Things Done, veteran coach and management consultant David Allen presented his breakthrough methods to increase efficiency. Now the personal productivity guru Fast Company shows readers how to increase their ability to work better, not harder every day. Based on Allen s highly popular e newsletter, Ready for Anything offers readers 52 ways to immediately clear your head for creativity, focus your attention, create structures that work, and take action to get things moving. With wit, inspiration, and know how, Allen shows readers how to make things happen with less effort and stress, and lots more energy, creativity, and effectiveness. Ready for Anything is the perfect book for anyone wanting to work and live at his or her very best."
The Facilitator's Book of Questions Tools for Looking Together at Student and Teacher Work by David Allen Tina Blythe Gene Thompson Grove. No description available
Sun Tzu and the Art of Business Six Strategic Principles for Managers by Sun Tzu Mark McNeilly. In what is actually two books in one a synthesis of Sun Tzu's ideas into six strategic principles for business executives plus the entire text of Samuel B. Griffith's popular translation of The Art of War McNeilly shows how Sun Tzu's principles can successfully be applied to modern business situations. 22 linecuts.
"Marketing Warfare by Al Ries Jack Trout. The authors of the bestselling Positioning The Battle for Your Mind, now compare marketing to war where competition is the enemy and the customer is the ground to be won."
The Tipping Point How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference by Malcolm Gladwell. No description available
Unleashing the Ideavirus Stop Marketing AT People! Turn Your Ideas into Epidemics by Helping Your Customers Do the Marketing thing for You. by Seth Godin Malcolm Gladwell. No description available
The Innovator's Dilemma The Revolutionary Book that Will Change the Way You Do Business by Clayton M. Christensen L.J. Ganser. No description available
Great Expectations by Charles Dickens David Trotter Charlotte Mitchell. No description available
Great Expectations Authoritative Text Backgrounds Contexts Criticism by Charles Dickens Edgar Rosenberg. No description available
Luther and Erasmus Free Will and Salvation Library of Christian Classics by Erasmus Martin Luther Philip S. Watson E. Gordon Rupp. No description available
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee. In 1960, To Kill a Mockingbird was published to critical acclaim. To commemorate To Kill a Mockingbird's 50th anniversary, Michael J. Meyer has assembled a collection of new essays that celebrate this enduring work of American literature. These essays approach the novel from educational, legal, social, and thematic perspectives. Harper Lee's only novel won the Pulitzer Prize and was transformed into a beloved film starring Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch. An American classic that frequently appears in middle school and high school curriculums, the novel has been subjected to criticism for its subject matter and language. Still relevant and meaningful, To Kill a Mockingbird has nonetheless been under appreciated by many critics. There are few books that address Lee's novel's contribution to the American canon and still fewer that offer insights that can be used by teachers and by students. These essays suggest that author Harper Lee deserves more credit for skillfully shaping a masterpiece that not only addresses the problems of the 1930s but also helps its readers see the problems and prejudices the world faces today. Intended for high school and undergraduate usage, as well as for teachers planning to use To Kill a Mockingbird in their classrooms, this collection will be a valuable resource for all teachers of American literature."
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee Sissy Spacek. In 1960, To Kill a Mockingbird was published to critical acclaim. To commemorate To Kill a Mockingbird's 50th anniversary, Michael J. Meyer has assembled a collection of new essays that celebrate this enduring work of American literature. These essays approach the novel from educational, legal, social, and thematic perspectives. Harper Lee's only novel won the Pulitzer Prize and was transformed into a beloved film starring Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch. An American classic that frequently appears in middle school and high school curriculums, the novel has been subjected to criticism for its subject matter and language. Still relevant and meaningful, To Kill a Mockingbird has nonetheless been under appreciated by many critics. There are few books that address Lee's novel's contribution to the American canon and still fewer that offer insights that can be used by teachers and by students. These essays suggest that author Harper Lee deserves more credit for skillfully shaping a masterpiece that not only addresses the problems of the 1930s but also helps its readers see the problems and prejudices the world faces today. Intended for high school and undergraduate usage, as well as for teachers planning to use To Kill a Mockingbird in their classrooms, this collection will be a valuable resource for all teachers of American literature."
"The Wealthy Barber Everyone's Common Sense Guide to Becoming Financially Independent by David H. Chilton. In this new and expanded edition of one of the biggest selling financial planning books ever, Chilton simplifies the complex puzzles of personal finance and helps you achieve financial independence. With the help of his fictional barber, Roy, and a large dose of humor, Chilton shows you how you can take control of your financial future slowly, steadily, and with sure success. Chilton's plan detailed in an entertaining story is no get rich quick scheme, but it does make financial independence possible on nothing more than an average salary. Even if you consider yourself a financial basket case, Chilton explains how you can easily put an effective financial plan into action.About the Author David Chilton is the president of Financial Awareness Corporation, a financial consulting firm. The Wealthy Barber and The Wealthy Barber Returns TV shows have enjoyed tremendous popularity since first airing on Public Television in the spring of 1993."
A Modest Proposal and Other Satirical Works by Jonathan Swift. No description available
Gulliver's Travels A Modest Proposal by Jonathan Swift Jesse Gale. No description available
Empire 2.0 A Modest Proposal for a United States of the West Terra Nova by Xavier de C. Xavier de C. Joseph Rowe. No description available
The Bostonians by Henry James R.D. Gooder. No description available
"Novels 1896 1899 The Other House The Spoils of Poynton What Maisie Knew The Awkward Age by Henry James Myra Jehlen. This Library of America volume collects four novels written by Henry James in the period immediately following his unsuccessful five year long attempt to establish himself as a playwright on the London stage. Hoping to convert his infinite little loss into infinite little gain, James returned to the novelistic examination of English society with a new appreciation for what he called the divine principle of the Scenario, a key that, working in the same general way fits the complicated chambers of both the dramatic and the narrative lock. His continued interest in dramatic form is demonstrated in The Other House 1896 , which was derived from the scenario for a three act play. Set in two neighboring houses and told mostly through dialogue, the novel explores the violent and tragic consequences of jealousy and frustrated passion. In The Spoils of Poynton 1897 , one of the most tightly constructed of James s late novels, a house and its exquisite antique furnishings and artwork become the source of a protracted struggle involving the proud and imperious Mrs. Gereth, her amiable son, Owen, his philistine fianc e, Mona Brigstock, and the sensitive Fleda Vetch, whose moral judgment is tested by her conflicting allegiances. What Maisie Knew 1897 explores with perception and sensitivity the effect upon a young girl of her parents bitter divorce and their subsequent remarriages. In writing the novel James chose as his point of view what he described as the consciousness, the dim, sweet, scared, wondering, clinging perception of the child. The Awkward Age 1899 examines the complicated relations among the members of a sophisticated London social circle almost entirely through dialogue as it depicts the shifting marital prospects of a young woman poised on the verge of adult life. Both of these novels insightfully explore the ambiguity of childhood innocence amid adult struggles over money, power, and love. LIBRARY OF AMERICA is an independent nonprofit cultural organization founded in 1979 to preserve our nation s literary heritage by publishing, and keeping permanently in print, America s best and most significant writing. The Library of America series includes more than 300 volumes to date, authoritative editions that average 1,000 pages in length, feature cloth covers, sewn bindings, and ribbon markers, and are printed on premium acid free paper that will last for centuries."
"Novels 1901 1902 The Sacred Fount The Wings of the Dove by Henry James Leo Bersani. This Library of America volume brings together one of Henry James s most unusual experiments and one of his most beloved masterpieces Writing to his friend William Dean Howells, Henry James characterized his experimental novel, The Sacred Fount, as the only one of his novels to be told in the first person, as a fine flight into the high fantastic. While traveling to the country house of Newmarch for a weekend party, the nameless narrator becomes obsessed with the idea that a person may become younger or cleverer by tapping the sacred fount of another person. Convinced that Grace Brissenden has become younger by drawing upon her husband, Guy, the narrator seeks to discover the source of the newfound wit of Gilbert Long, previously a fine piece of human furniture. His perplexing and ambiguous quest, and the varying reactions it provokes from the other guests, calls into question the imaginative inquiry central to James s art of the novel. James described the essential idea of The Wings of the Dove as a young person conscious of a great capacity for life, but early stricken and doomed, condemned to die under short respite, while also enamoured of the world. The heroine, a wealthy young American heiress, Milly Theale inspired by James s beloved cousin Minny Temple , is slowly drawn into a trap set for her by the English adventuress Kate Croy and her lover, the journalist Morton Densher. The unexpected outcome of their mercenary scheme provides the resolution to a tragic story of love and betrayal, innocence and experience that has long been acknowledged as one of James s supreme achievements as a novelist. This volume prints the New York Edition text of The Wings of the Dove, and includes the illuminating preface James wrote for that edition. LIBRARY OF AMERICA is an independent nonprofit cultural organization founded in 1979 to preserve our nation s literary heritage by publishing, and keeping permanently in print, America s best and most significant writing. The Library of America series includes more than 300 volumes to date, authoritative editions that average 1,000 pages in length, feature cloth covers, sewn bindings, and ribbon markers, and are printed on premium acid free paper that will last for centuries."
Complete Stories 1892 1898 by Henry James John Hollander David Bromwich. No description available
The Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer Nevill Coghill. No description available
The Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer David Wright. No description available
"The Canterbury Tales original spelling edition by Geoffrey Chaucer Jill Mann. Nevill Coghill s masterly and vivid modern English verse translation with all the vigor and poetry of Chaucer s fourteenth century Middle English A Penguin Classic In The Canterbury Tales Chaucer created one of the great touchstones of English literature, a masterly collection of chivalric romances, moral allegories and low farce. A story telling competition between a group of pilgrims from all walks of life is the occasion for a series of tales that range from the Knight s account of courtly love and the ebullient Wife of Bath s Arthurian legend, to the ribald anecdotes of the Miller and the Cook. Rich and diverse, The Canterbury Tales offer us an unrivalled glimpse into the life and mind of medieval England. For more than sixty five years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English speaking world. With more than 1,500 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up to date translations by award winning translators."
Chaucer's Canterbury Tales Selected An Interlinear Translation by Geoffrey Chaucer Vincent Foster Hopper. No description available
Oxford Guides to Chaucer The Canterbury Tales by Helen Cooper. No description available
"Love Visions by Geoffrey Chaucer Brian Stone. Love often seems uncontrollable and irrational, but we just as frequently appear to have reasons for loving the people we do. In Love's Vision, Troy Jollimore offers a new way of understanding love that accommodates both of these facts, arguing that love is guided by reason even as it resists and sometimes eludes rationality. At the same time, he reconsiders love's moral status, acknowledging its moral dangers while arguing that it is, at heart, a moral phenomenon an emotion that demands empathy and calls us away from excessive self concern. Love is revealed as neither wholly moral nor deeply immoral, neither purely rational nor profoundly irrational. Rather, as Diotima says in Plato's Symposium, love is something in between. Jollimore makes his case by proposing a vision view of love, according to which loving is a way of seeing that involves bestowing charitable attention on a loved one. This view recognizes the truth in the clich love is blind, but holds that love's blindness does not undermine the idea that love is guided by reason. Reasons play an important role in love even if they rest on facts that are not themselves rationally justifiable. Filled with illuminating examples from literature, Love's Vision is an original examination of a subject of vital philosophical and human concern."
"Chaucer's Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer. Chaucer's Canterbury tales is an unchanged, high quality reprint of the original edition of 1894. Hansebooks is editor of the literature on different topic areas such as research and science, travel and expeditions, cooking and nutrition, medicine, and other genres. As a publisher we focus on the preservation of historical literature. Many works of historical writers and scientists are available today as antiques only. Hansebooks newly publishes these books and contributes to the preservation of literature which has become rare and historical knowledge for the future."
The Riverside Chaucer by Geoffrey Chaucer Larry Dean Benson F.N. Robinson. No description available
The Portable Chaucer by Geoffrey Chaucer Theodore Morrison. No description available
Salt A World History by Mark Kurlansky. No description available
Salt in His Shoes Michael Jordan in Pursuit of a Dream by Deloris Jordan Kadir Nelson Roslyn M. Jordan. No description available
"The Book of Salt by Monique Truong. He came to us through an advertisement that I had in desperation put in the newspaper. It began captivatingly for those days 'Two American ladies wish...' It was these lines in The Alice B. Toklas Cookbook that inspired The Book of Salt, a brilliant first novel by a talented young Vietnamese American writer about the taste of exile. Paris, 1934, 'Thin Bin', as they call him, has accompanied his employers, Gertrude Stein and Alice B. Toklas, to the station for their departure to America. His own destination is unclear will he go with 'the Steins', stay in France, or return to his native Vietnam? Binh fled his homeland in disgrace, leaving behind his malevolent charlatan of a father and his self sacrificing mother. For five years, he has been the personal cook at the famous apartment on the rue de Fleurus. Before Binh's decision is revealed, we are catapulted back to his youth in French colonized Indo China, where he learned to cook in the embassy kitchens, his years as a galley hand at sea, and his days turning out fragrant repasts for the doyennes of the Lost Generation. Binh knows far more than what the Steins eat he knows their routines and intimacies, their food and foll"
"Cities of Salt 1 by Abdul Rahman Munif Peter Theroux. Banned in Saudia Arabia, this is a blistering look at Arab and American hypocrisy following the discovery of oil in a poor oasis community. From the Trade Paperback edition."
The Years of Rice and Salt by Kim Stanley Robinson. No description available
"Illuminations Essays and Reflections by Walter Benjamin Hannah Arendt Harry Zohn Leon Wieseltier. Essays and reflections from one of the twentieth century s most original cultural critics, with an introduction by Hannah Arendt. Walter Benjamin was an icon of criticism, renowned for his insight on art, literature, and philosophy. This volume includes his views on Kafka, with whom he felt a close personal affinity his studies on Baudelaire and Proust and his essays on Leskov and Brecht s epic theater. Illuminations also includes his penetrating study The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction, an enlightening discussion of translation as a literary mode and his theses on the philosophy of history. Hannah Arendt selected the essays for this volume and introduces them with a classic essay about Benjamin s life in a dark historical era. Leon Wieseltier s preface explores Benjamin s continued relevance for our times. Walter Benjamin 1892 1940 was a German Jewish Marxist literary critic, essayist, translator, and philosopher. He was at times associated with the Frankfurt School of critical theory and was also greatly inspired by the Marxism of Bertolt Brecht and Jewish mysticism as presented by Gershom Scholem."
Saul Steinberg Illuminations by Saul Steinberg Joel Smith Charles Simic. No description available
"Advanced Global Illumination by Philip Dutre. This book provides a fundamental understanding of global illumination algorithms. It discusses a broad class of algorithms for realistic image synthesis and introduces a theoretical basis for the algorithms presented. Topics include physics of light transport, Monte Carlo methods, general strategies for solving the rendering equation, stochastic path tracing algorithms such as ray tracing and light tracing, stochastic radiosity including photon density estimation and hierarchical Monte Carlo radiosity, hybrid algorithms, metropolis light transport, irradiance caching, photon mapping and instant radiosity, beyond the rendering equation, image display and human perception. If you want to design and implement a global illumination rendering system or need to use and modify an existing system for your specific purpose, this book will give you the tools and the understanding to do so."
"Snow Falling On Cedars by David Guterson. A powerful tale of the Pacific Northwest in the 1950s, reminiscent of To Kill a Mockingbird. Courtroom drama, love story, and war novel, this is the epic tale of a young Japanese American and the man on trial for killing the man she loves."
"The Lost Boy Dave Pelzer 2 by Dave Pelzer. Imagine a young boy who has never had a loving home. His only possesions are the old, torn clothes he carries in a paper bag. The only world he knows is one of isolation and fear. Although others had rescued this boy from his abusive alcoholic mother, his real hurt is just begining he has no place to call home. This is Dave Pelzer's long awaited sequel to A Child Called It . In The Lost Boy, he answers questions and reveals new adventures through the compelling story of his life as an adolescent. Now considered an F Child Foster Child , Dave is moved in and out of five different homes. He suffers shame and experiences resentment from those who feel that all foster kids are trouble and unworthy of being loved just because they are not part of a real family. Tears, laughter, devastation and hope create the journey of this little lost boy who searches desperately for just one thing the love of a family."
"Real Boys Rescuing Our Sons from the Myths of Boyhood by William S. Pollack Mary Pipher. Many boys today are in silent crisis. As the bestselling Reviving Ophelia took us into the world of girls, this groundbreaking AudioBook takes us into the private worlds of boys and shows how they can be raised to become happier, more successful men.Many boys today are in trouble, either overtly problems with drugs, or violence, or at school or covertly feelings of loneliness, isolation, disconnection, and despair . This AudioBook explains why and also tells how we can rescue boys and help them become more confident and expressive men. William Pollack illuminates the daily lives of boys and lets us understand what they are really thinking and feeling. Based on a study just completed, this AudioBook explores why many boys experience sadness and how conventional expectations about manhood and masculinity encourage people to treat boys like little men , raising them through a toughening process that drives their true emotions underground. Pollack explains what all of us can do to fosterthe healthy development of boys in various stages from infancy through the teenage years, and he addresses a wide range of topics school, drugs, alcohol, sports, girls, depression, divorce, and more. After you listen to this AudioBook, you will see every boy in a new way."
Microserfs by Douglas Coupland. No description available
New Media Language by Jean Aitchison Diana M. Lewis. No description available
The Denial of Death by Ernest Becker Sam Keen Daniel Goleman. No description available
"A People's History of the United States by Howard Zinn. The New Press's Abridged Teaching Edition of A People's History of the United States has made Howard Zinn's original text available specifically for classroom use. With exercises and teaching materials to accompany each chapter, this edition spans American Beginnings, Reconstruction, the Civil War and through to the present, with new chapters on the Clinton Presidency, the 2000 elections, and the War on Terrorism."
A People's History of the United States by Howard Zinn Kathy Emery Ellen Gordon Reeves. No description available
"A People's History of the United States The Civil War to the Present by Howard Zinn Kathy Emery Ellen Gordon Reeves. Since its original landmark publication in 1980, A People's History of the United States has been chronicling American history from the bottom up, throwing out the official version of history taught in schools with its emphasis on great men in high places to focus on the street, the home, and the, workplace. Known for its lively, clear prose as well as its scholarly research, A People's History is the only volume to tell America's story from the point of view of and in the words of America's women, factory workers, African Americans, Native Americans, the working poor, and immigrant laborers. As historian Howard Zinn shows, many of our country's greatest battles the fights for a fair wage, an eight hour workday, child labor laws, health and safety standards, universal suffrage, women's rights, racial equality were carried out at the grassroots level, against bloody resistance. Covering Christopher Columbus's arrival through President Clinton's first term, A People's History of the United States, which was nominated for the American Book Award in 1981, features insightful analysis of the most important events in our history. Revised, updated, and featuring a new after, word by the author, this special twentieth anniversary edition continues Zinn's important contribution to a complete and balanced understanding of American history."
"Graphic Design A Concise History World of Art by Richard Hollis. From its roots in the development of printing, graphic design has evolved as a means of identification, information, and promotion to become a profession and discipline in its own right. This authoritative documentary history begins with the poster and goes on to chart the development of word and image in brochures and magazines, advertising, corporate identity, television, and electronic media, and the impact of technical innovations such as photography and the computer. For the revised edition, a new final chapter covers all the recent international developments in graphic design, including the role of the computer and the Internet in design innovation and globalization. In the last years of the twentieth century, at a time when designer products and the use of logos grew in importance, the role of graphic designers became more complex, subversive, and sometimes more politicalwitness Oliviero Toscani's notorious advertisements for Benetton. Digital technology cleared the way for an astonishing proliferation of new typefaces, and words began to take second place to typography in a whole range of magazines and books as designers asserted the primacy of their medium. Designers and companies discussed here include Neville Brody, David Carson, Design Writing Research, Edward Fella, Tibor Kalman, Jeffery Keedy, LettError, Pierre di Sciullo, Tomato, Gerard Unger, Cornel Windlin, and a host of others. Over 800 illustrations, 30 in color."
Immigrant Acts On Asian American Cultural Politics by Lisa Lowe. No description available
The Old Way of Seeing How Architecture Lost Its Magic And How to Get It Back by Jonathan Hale. No description available
E mc A Biography of the World's Most Famous Equation by David Bodanis. No description available
Passionate Minds by David Bodanis. No description available
Christian Mythmakers C.S. Lewis Madeleine L'Engle J.R.R. Tolkien George MacDonald G.K. Chesterton Charles Williams Dante Alighieri John Bunyan Walter Wangerin Robert Siegel and Hannah Hurnard by Rolland Hein Clyde S. Kilby. No description available
"A House Like a Lotus O'Keefe Family 3 by Madeleine L'Engle. By the author of A Wrinkle in Time, the conclusion to the Polly O'Keefe stories finds Polly taking an unforgettable trip to Europe, all by herself. Sixteen year old Polly is on her way to the island of Cyprus, where she will work as a gofer. The trip was arranged by Maximiliana Horne, a rich, brilliant artist who, with her longtime companion, Dr. Ursula Heschel, recently became the O'Keefe family's neighbor on Benne Seed Island. Max and Polly formed an instant friendship and Max took over Polly's education, giving her the encouragement and confidence that her isolated upbringing had not. Polly adored Max, even idolized her, until Max betrayed her. In Greece, Polly finds romance, danger, and unique friendships. But can she ever forgive Max? Books by Madeleine L'Engle A Wrinkle in Time Quintet A Wrinkle in Time A Wind in the Door A Swiftly Tilting Planet Many Waters An Acceptable Time A Wrinkle in Time The Graphic Novel by Madeleine L'Engle adapted illustrated by Hope Larson Intergalactic P.S. 3 by Madeleine L'Engle illustrated by Hope Larson A standalone story set in the world of A Wrinkle in Time. The Austin Family Chronicles Meet the Austins Volume 1 The Moon by Night Volume 2 The Young Unicorns Volume 3 A Ring of Endless Light Volume 4 A Newbery Honor book! Troubling a Star Volume 5 The Polly O'Keefe books The Arm of the Starfish Dragons in the Waters A House Like a Lotus And Both Were Young Camilla The Joys of Love"
The Rock That Is Higher Story as Truth by Madeleine L'Engle. No description available
The Glorious Impossible by Madeleine L'Engle Giotto di Bondone. Describes the life of Jesus Christ and presents twenty four paintings showing scenes from the life of Christ by the fourteenth century Italian artist Giotto.
A Full House An Austin Family Christmas Austin Family 5.6 by Madeleine L'Engle Mary Chambers. The Austins have a full house on Christmas Eve when fate brings them a new mother and a young woman who is expecting.
"A Circle of Quiet Crosswicks Journals 1 by Madeleine L'Engle. The beloved author of A Wrinkle in Time takes an introspective look at her life and muses on creativity in this memoir, the first of her Crosswicks Journals. Every so often I need OUT. . . . My special place is a small brook in a green glade, a circle of quiet from which there is no visible sign of human beings. . . . I sit there, dangling my legs and looking through the foliage at the sky reflected in the water, and things slowly come back into perspective. Set against the lush backdrop of Crosswicks, her family s farmhouse in rural Connecticut, this deeply personal memoir details Madeleine L Engle s journey to find balance between her career as a Newbery Medal winning author and her responsibilities as a wife, mother, teacher, and Christian. As she considers the roles that creativity, family, citizenship, and faith play in her life, L Engle reveals the complexities behind the author whose works honored with the National Book Award, the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award, and countless other prizes have long been cherished by children and adults alike. Written in simple, profound, and often humorous prose, A Circle of Quiet is an insightful woman s elegant search for the meaning and purpose of her life. This ebook features an illustrated biography of Madeleine L Engle including rare images from the author s estate."
The Birth of Tragedy and Other Writings by Friedrich Nietzsche Raymond Geuss Ronald Speirs. No description available
The Birth of Tragedy The Genealogy of Morals by Friedrich Nietzsche Francis Golffing. No description available
The Birth of Tragedy by Friedrich Nietzsche. Philosopher's classic study declares that Greek tragedy achieved greatness through a fusion of elements of Apollonian restraint and control with Dionysian components of passion and the irrational.
The Birth of Tragedy by Friedrich Nietzsche Michael Tanner Shaun Whiteside. Philosopher's classic study declares that Greek tragedy achieved greatness through a fusion of elements of Apollonian restraint and control with Dionysian components of passion and the irrational.
Birth Of A Tragedy Kashmir 1947 by Alastair Lamb. No description available
"The Tragedy of Pudd'nhead Wilson Those Extraordinary Twins by Mark Twain David Lionel Smith Sherley Anne Williams. Hoping to ensure a better life for her child, a young slave woman exchanges her light skinned baby for her master's."
"The Tragedy of Pudd'nhead Wilson by Mark Twain Michael Prichard. First published in the year 1894, noted American writer Mark Twain's novel 'The Tragedy of Pudd'nhead Wilson' is set in the fictional Missouri frontier town of Dawson's Landing on the banks of the Mississippi River in the first half of the 19th century."
Bridge to Terabithia by Katherine Paterson Donna Diamond. No description available
Literature Circle Guide Bridge to Terabithia Everything You Need For Successful Literature Circles That Get Kids Thinking Talking Writing and Loving Literature by Tara MacCarthy. No description available
Bread and Roses Too by Katherine Paterson. No description available
"The Invisible Child by Katherine Paterson. More than twenty essays and speeches show Paterson's passion for reading, her ideas about writing, her spiritual faith, and her conviction that the imagination must be nourished."
A Short History of Decay by Emil M. Cioran Richard Howard. No description available
"Scholar of Decay Ravenloft 14 by Tanya Huff. In this thrilling tale of fear, a desperate scholar is driven by love into the darkest corners of the world When Aurek Nuiken travels to Richemulot to search for a spellbook that lies buried within the dark bowels of the undercity, little does he know the horrors that await. As two beautiful women vie for the interest of the enigmatic scholar and his handsome younger brother, a family of wererats and a double dose of sibling rivalry conspire to endanger not only Aurek but the object he holds most dear his wife, who has been attacked and made prisoner by an evil mage. Faced with his own personal torment and the all too real monsters of Ravenloft, the scholar is pushed to the edge of madness and a choice no man should ever have to make."
"Girl with a Pearl Earring by Tracy Chevalier. The New York Times bestselling novel by the author of A Single Thread and At the Edge of the Orchard Translated into thirty nine languages and made into an Oscar nominated film, starring Scarlett Johanson and Colin Firth Tracy Chevalier transports readers to a bygone time and place in this richly imagined portrait of the young woman who inspired one of Vermeer's most celebrated paintings. History and fiction merge seamlessly in this luminous novel about artistic vision and sensual awakening. Girl with a Pearl Earring tells the story of sixteen year old Griet, whose life is transformed by her brief encounter with genius . . . even as she herself is immortalized in canvas and oil."
The Golden Tulip by Rosalind Laker. No description available
Burning Bright by Tracy Chevalier. No description available
"Falling Angels by Tracy Chevalier. A 1 New York Times Bestseller! Funny, insightful, illuminating . . . The Boston Globe Twelve years ago, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil exploded into a monumental success, residing a record breaking four years on the New York Times bestseller list longer than any work of fiction or nonfiction had before and turning John Berendt into a household name. The City of Falling Angels is Berendt's first book since Midnight, and it immediately reminds one what all the fuss was about. Turning to the magic, mystery, and decadence of Venice, Berendt gradually reveals the truth behind a sensational fire that in 1996 destroyed the historic Fenice opera house. Encountering a rich cast of characters, Berendt tells a tale full of atmosphere and surprise as the stories build, one after the other, ultimately coming together to portray a world as finely drawn as a still life painting."
The Virgin Blue by Tracy Chevalier. No description available
Wenn Engel fallen by Tracy Chevalier. No description available
Tom Hunter Living in Hell and Other Stories by Tom Hunter Tracy Chevalier Colin Wiggins. No description available
Bleach Volume 15 by Tite Kubo. No description available
Bleach Volume 01 by Tite Kubo. No description available
Bleach Volume 14 by Tite Kubo. No description available
Bleach Volume 11 by Tite Kubo. No description available
Bleach Volume 12 by Tite Kubo. No description available
"DEATH NOTE 1 by Tsugumi Ohba Takeshi Obata. Light tests the boundaries of the Death Note's powers as L and the police begin to close in. Luckily Light's father is the head of the Japanese National Police Agency and leaves vital information about the case lying around the house. With access to his father's files, Light can keep one step ahead of the authorities. But who is the strange man following him, and how can Light guard against enemies whose names he doesn't know? VIZ Media"
"Death Note Vol. 4 Death Note 4 by Tsugumi Ohba Takeshi Obata. With two Kiras on the loose, L asks Light to join the task force and pose as the real Kira in order to catch the copycat. L still suspects Light and figures that this is the perfect excuse to get closer to his quarry. Light agrees to the plan in order to have free access to the task force resources. But when Light manages to contact the new Kira, he discovers that his rival is anything but as expected. Will Light escape from love unscathed? VIZ Media"
"Death Note Vol. 3 Death Note 3 by Tsugumi Ohba Takeshi Obata. Light is chafing under L's extreme surveillance, but even 64 microphones and cameras hidden in his room aren't enough to stop Light. He steps up the game, but before the battle of wits can really begin, a family emergency distracts him. But even though Light isn't using the Death Note right now, someone else is! Who's the new Kira in town? VIZ Media"
"Love Artist Harlequin Romance 2860 by Valerie Parv. Swashbuckling sailors, dashing dukes, naughty nurses, and sexy steward esses caught in webs of love, passion, betrayal, and intrigue these are the raw materials of the romance novel and the lusty covers that advertise them. In The Look of Love, Jennifer McKnight Trontz provides a rollicking history of the covers and stories that have captivated millions of readers worldwide. More than 150 of the most sensational covers from this venerable if venal literary form are shown in glorious color, focusing on the period from 1940 to 1970, romance design's most fertile era. The Look of Love features artwork and excerpts from titles such as Passion Flower, Kept Woman, Rendezvous in Lisbon, and Jungle Nurse. Along the way, it brings attention to the pioneers of the romance novel cover artists such as Barye Phillips and Robert Maguire, who helped define the look of paperbacks in general, and Harlequin, the grand dame of romance publishers, with more than 100 million novels sold each year. McKnight Trontz reveals the themes that typify both the story lines and the covers hospital romance, the rich and raunchy, royalty, tropical paradises, Westerns, taboo relationships, pirates and warriors, and love triangles resulting in this definitive compendium of camp. A book for romance lovers everywhere."
"Perfume The Story of a Murderer by Patrick S skind John E. Woods. The year is 1738 the place, Paris. A baby is born under a fish monger s bloody table in a marketplace, and abandoned. Orphaned, passed over to the monks as a charity case, already there is something in the aura of the tiny infant that is unsettling. No one will look after him he is somehow too demanding, and, even more disturbing, something is missing as his wet nurse tries to explain, he doesn t smell the way a baby should smell indeed, he has no scent at all. Slowly, as we watch Jean Baptiste Grenouille cling stubbornly to life, we begin to realize that a monster is growing before our eyes. With mounting unease, yet hypnotized, we see him explore his powers and their effect on the world around him. For this dark and sinister boy who has no smell himself possesses an absolute sense of smell, and with it he can read the world to discover the hidden truths that elude ordinary men. He can smell the very composition of objects, and their history, and where they have been, he has no need of the light, and darkness is not dark to him, because nothing can mask the odors of the universe. As he leaves childhood behind and comes to understand his terrible uniqueness, his obsession becomes the quest to identify, and then to isolate, the most perfect scent of all, the scent of life itself. At first, he hones his powers, learning the ancient arts of perfume making until the exquisite fragrances he creates are the rage of Paris, and indeed Europe. Then, secure in his mastery of these means to an end, he withdraws into a strange and agonized solitude, waiting, dreaming, until the morning when he wakes, ready to embark on his monstrous quest to find and extract from the most perfect living creatures the most beautiful young virgins in the land that ultimate perfume which alone can make him, too, fully human. As his trail leads him, at an ever quickening pace, from his savage exile to the heart of the country and then back to Paris, we are caught up in a rising storm of terror and mortal sensual conquest until the frenzy of his final triumph explodes in all its horrifying consequences. Told with dazzling narrative brilliance and the haunting power of a grown up fairy tale, Perfume is one of the most remarkable novels of the last fifty years."
Das Parfum. Die Geschichte eines M rders by Patrick S skind. No description available
Three Stories and a Reflection by Patrick S skind. These stories are suspense thrillers with a touch of black humor.
The Pigeon by Patrick S skind. No description available
The Story of Mr Sommer by Patrick S skind Jean Jacques Semp. No description available
"Bleach 1 Bur chi 1 Bleach 1 by Tite Kubo. Part time student, full time Soul Reaper, Ichigo is one of the chosen few guardians of the afterlife. Ichigo Kurosaki never asked for the ability to see ghosts he was born with the gift. When his family is attacked by a Hollow a malevolent lost soul Ichigo becomes a Soul Reaper, dedicating his life to protecting the innocent and helping the tortured spirits themselves find peace. Find out why Tite Kubo s Bleach has become an international manga smash hit! Ichigo Kurosaki has always been able to see ghosts, but this ability doesn't change his life nearly as much as his close encounter with Rukia Kuchiki, a Soul Reaper and member of the mysterious Soul Society. While fighting a Hollow, an evil spirit that preys on humans who display psychic energy, Rukia attempts to lend Ichigo some of her powers so that he can save his family but much to her surprise, Ichigo absorbs every last drop of her energy. Now a full fledged Soul Reaper himself, Ichigo quickly learns that the world he inhabits is one full of dangerous spirits and, along with Rukia who is slowly regaining her powers it's Ichigo's job to protect the innocent from Hollows and help the spirits themselves find peace."
"Bleach Tome 1 The Death and the Strawberry by Tite Kubo. Arriva finalmente in versione digitale il manga di Tite Kubo, che ha fatto letteralmente impazzire i lettori di tutto il mondo. Premio Shogakukan 2005 come miglior shonen, la storia di Ichigo Kurosaki, un ragazzo dotato di un abilit molto particolare in grado di vedere i fantasmi. E se la sua vita gi pazzesca a causa di questo dono, immaginate cosa gli potrebbe succedere se diventasse un dio della morte?! Un intreccio appassionante, animato da un cast di personaggi estremamente variegato e impreziosito da uno stile di disegno attentissimo ai dettagli e originale nella fusione effettuata di vecchie e nuove tendenze, strizzando l occhio, soprattutto per quanto riguarda l abbigliamento dei personaggi, alla moda alternativa streetwear!"
"Escape from Fire Mountain World of Adventure 3 by Gary Paulsen Steve Chorney. In three stories Escape from Fire Mountain Hook Em, Snotty! and Danger on Midnight River the characters meet danger at every turn in the great outdoors and learn to face their fears head on. From a forest fire to a raging river to a scary bull named Diablo, the action doesn t stop."
How Angel Peterson Got His Name by Gary Paulsen. No description available
"Tucket's Travels Francis Tucket's Adventures In The West 1847 1849 The Tucket Adventures 1 5 by Gary Paulsen. Fourteen year old Francis is heading west in a wagon train on the Oregon Trail when he s kidnapped by Pawnees. His adventures during the two year search for his family teach him how to live by the harsh code of the wilderness, and give readers an exciting panoramic vision of the West at a time of settlement and of war with Mexico. Along the way, Francis meets up with Mr. Grimes, a one armed mountain man, and later rescues Lottie and Billy, children abandoned on the prairie. Together the three encounter bandits, soldiers, storms, eccentric travellers, and discover an ancient treasure. But the real treasure lies at the end of the trail Tucket s home."
Chicago Blues The City and the Music by Mike Rowe Ronald Radano. No description available
"Winterdance The Fine Madness of Running the Iditarod by Gary Paulsen. An unforgettable account of Paulsen's most ambitious quest to know a world beyond his knowing, to train for and run the grueling 1,180 mile Iditarod sled race across Alaska's breathtaking, treacherous terrain. Illustrated throughout with the author's color photos."
Brian's Winter by Gary Paulsen. No description available
"Robinson Crusoe Robinson Crusoe 1 by Daniel Defoe Virginia Woolf. Robinson Crusoe is the story of a merchant's travels, adventues, and eventual shipwreck.The novel details the way in which one man may survive alone with nothing but his own abilities, and knowledge to support him."
Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe John J. Richetti. No description available
Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe Michael Shinagel. No description available
Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe Avi. No description available
Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe. No description available
A General History of the Pyrates by Daniel Defoe Manuel Schonhorn Charles Johnson. No description available
Huck Finn Tom Sawyer among the Indians Other Unfinished Stories Mark Twain Library by Mark Twain Paul Baender Dahlia Armon Walter Blair. No description available
Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer Among the Indians by Mark Twain Lee Nelson. A publication of the Mark Twain Project of the Bancroft Library.
Huck Finn Pudd'nhead Wilson No 44 Mysterious Stranger other Writings by Mark Twain Guy Cardwell Louis J. Budd. No description available
"The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn Adventures of Tom and Huck 2 by Mark Twain Guy Cardwell John Seelye Walter Trier. All modern American literature comes from one book called Huckleberry Finn, declared Ernest Hemingway. There was nothing before. There has been nothing as good since. Yet even from the time of its first publication in 1885, Mark Twain's masterpiece has been one of the most celebrated and controversial books ever published in America. No other story so central to our American identity has been so loved and so reviled as Huck Finn's autobiography."
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain E.W. Kemble. No description available
"Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain George Saunders. Huckleberry Finn, an abused outcast, rafts with Jim, a runaway slave, down the Mississippi River, where they have a variety of experiences."
The Annotated Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain Michael Patrick Hearn E.W. Kemble. No description available
The Wit and Wisdom of Mark Twain by Mark Twain. No description available
Mark Twain's Helpful Hints for Good Living A Handbook for the Damned Human Race by Mark Twain Lin Salamo Victor Fischer Michael B. Frank. No description available
The Complete Short Stories of Mark Twain by Mark Twain Charles Neider. No description available
"The Autobiography of Mark Twain by Mark Twain Charles Neider. The year 2010 marked the 100th anniversary of Mark Twain s death. In celebration of this important milestone and in honor of the cherished tradition of publishing Mark Twain s works, UC Press published Autobiography of Mark Twain, Volume 1, the first of a projected three volume edition of the complete, uncensored autobiography. The book became an immediate bestseller and was hailed as the capstone of the life s work of America s favorite author. This Reader s Edition, a portable paperback in larger type, republishes the text of the hardcover Autobiography in a form that is convenient for the general reader, without the editorial explanatory notes. It includes a brief introduction describing the evolution of Mark Twain s ideas about writing his autobiography, as well as a chronology of his life, brief family biographies, and an excerpt from the forthcoming Autobiography of Mark Twain, Volume 2 a controversial but characteristically humorous attack on Christian doctrine."
"Collected Tales Sketches Speeches Essays 1891 1910 by Mark Twain Louis J. Budd. A two volume set that contains more than 270 speeches, sketches, short stories, maxims, and other writings by Mark Twain."
"Lost Horizon by James Hilton. Shangri La is a fictional place described in the 1933 novel Lost Horizon by British author James Hilton. Hilton describes Shangri La as a mystical, harmonious valley, gently guided from a lamasery, enclosed in the western end of the Kunlun Mountains. Shangri La has become synonymous with any earthly paradise, and particularly a mythical Himalayan utopia a permanently happy land, isolated from the outside world. In the novel, Hugh Conway, a veteran member of the British diplomatic service, finds inner peace, love, and a sense of purpose in Shangri La, whose inhabitants enjoy unheard of longevity. Among the book's themes is an allusion to the possibility of another cataclysmic world war brewing. It is said to have been inspired at least in part by accounts of travels in Tibetan borderlands, published in National Geographic by the explorer and botanist Joseph Rock. The remote communities he visited, such as Muli, show many similarities to the fictional Shangri La."
Louisa May Alcott's Christmas Treasury by Louisa May Alcott C. Michael Dudash Stephen W. Hines. No description available
My Secret Garden Women's Sexual Fantasies by Nancy Friday. No description available
"The Secret Garden by Frances Hodgson Burnett. When orphaned Mary Lennox comes to live at her uncle's great house on the Yorkshire moors, she finds it full of secrets. Then one day she discovers a secret garden, walled and locked, which has been completely forgotten for years and years. Can Mary bring the garden back to life and solve its mystery?"
The Secret Garden by Frances Hodgson Burnett Sandra M. Gilbert. No description available
"The Secret Garden by Martha Hailey DuBose Frances Hodgson Burnett Lucy Corvino Arthur Pober. When orphaned Mary Lennox comes to live at her uncle's great house on the Yorkshire moors, she finds it full of secrets. Then one day she discovers a secret garden, walled and locked, which has been completely forgotten for years and years. Can Mary bring the garden back to life and solve its mystery?"
The Secret Garden by Frances Hodgson Burnett Alison Lurie. No description available
"A Little Princess by Frances Hodgson Burnett Nancy Bond. A Little Princess by Frances Hodgson Burnett from Coterie Classics All Coterie Classics have been formatted for ereaders and devices and include a bonus link to the free audio book. Whatever comes, she said, cannot alter one thing. If I am a princess in rags and tatters, I can be a princess inside. It would be easy to be a princess if I were dressed in cloth of gold, but it is a great deal more of a triumph to be one all the time when no one knows it. Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess A Little Princess is a classic children s novel about a little girl who discovers happiness despite circumstance."
Waiting for the Party The Life of Frances Hodgson Burnett 1849 1924 by Ann Thwaite. A biography of the author of Secret Garden.
The Secret Garden Cookbook Recipes Inspired by Frances Hodgson Burnett's The Secret Garden by Amy Cotler Frances Hodgson Burnett Prudence See. No description available
Basic Economics A Citizen's Guide to the Economy by Thomas Sowell. No description available
"Basic Economics A Common Sense Guide to the Economy by Thomas Sowell. Basic Economics is a citizen's guide to economics for those who want to understand how the economy works but have no interest in jargon or equations. Sowell reveals the general principles behind any kind of economy capitalist, socialist, feudal, and so on. In readable language, he shows how to critique economic policies in terms of the incentives they create, rather than the goals they proclaim. With clear explanations of the entire field, from rent control and the rise and fall of businesses to the international balance of payments, this is the first book for anyone who wishes to understand how the economy functions."
Black Rednecks and White Liberals by Thomas Sowell. No description available
Applied Economics Thinking Beyond Stage One by Thomas Sowell. No description available
Knowledge And Decisions by Thomas Sowell. No description available
A Conflict of Visions Ideological Origins of Political Struggles by Thomas Sowell. No description available
Sir Gawain and the Green Knight by Selina Shirley Hastings Juan Wijngaard. No description available
"Alcoholics Anonymous by Alcoholics Anonymous. Known as the Big Book, the basic text of Alcoholics Anonymous has helped millions of people worldwide get and stay sober since the first edition appeared in 1939. Opening chapters articulate A.A. s program of recovery from alcoholism the original Twelve Steps and recount the personal histories of A.A.'s co founders, Bill W. and Dr. Bob. In the pages that follow, more than 40 A.A. members share how they stopped drinking and found a new healthier and more serene way of life through the Fellowship of Alcoholics Anonymous. Whether reading passages at meetings, reading privately for personal reflection, or working with a sponsor, the Big Book can be a source of inspiration, guidance and comfort on the journey to recovery. This Fourth Edition of Alcoholics Anonymous has been approved by the General Service Conference."
The Twelve Steps Twelve Traditions of Overeaters Anonymous by Overeaters Anonymous. No description available
"The Natural Way to Draw by Kimon Nicolaides Mamie Harmon. An approach to drawing technique based on observation covering contour and gesture, model drawing, memory in ink and watercolor anatomy study, drapery, shade, structure, and other topics in drawing."
"Natural Health Natural Medicine by Andrew Weil. The best selling books of Andrew Weil, the guru of alternative medicine, San Francisco Examiner offer a comprehensive blend of traditional and alternative methods that help to achieve better health in the modern world. Natural Health, Natural Medicine is a comprehensive resource for everything you need to know to maintain optimum health and treat common ailments. This landmark book incorporates Dr. Weil's theories of preventive health maintenance and alternative healing into one extremely useful and readable reference, featuring general diet and nutrition information as well as simple recipes, answers to readers' most pressing questions, a catalogue of home remedies, invaluable resources, and hundreds of practical tips. This edition includes up to the minute scientific findings and has been expanded to provide trustworthy advice about low carb diets, hormone replacement therapy, Alzheimer's, attention deficit disorder, reflux disease, autism, type 2 diabetes, erectile dysfunction, the flu, and much more."
The Fixer by Bernard Malamud Jonathan Safran Foer. No description available
The Complete Stories by Bernard Malamud Robert Giroux. No description available
The Assistant by Bernard Malamud Jonathan Rosen. No description available
"Conversations with Bernard Malamud Literary Conversations by Lawrence M. Lasher. Bernard Malamud gave his first interview in 1958, his last in 1986. During the intervening twenty eight years he was formally interviewed at least forty times. This book collects twenty eight of the best interviews, ranging from brief conversations with journalists to more extended and leisurely conversations with academics and writers. Winner of two National Book Awards and a Pulitzer Prize, this universally praised author of The Magic Barrel, The Fixer, The Natural, and many stories that are acclaimed among the masterpieces of American fiction appears in these interviews quite appropriately as an artist devoted more to his work than to discussing it. This collection includes interviews in which Malamud gives a commentary on each of his novels and on many of his short stories. What emerges from these encounters with this great author is a sense of Malamuds deep, lifetime commitment to his art and to a seriousness of purpose. Though there is very little domest"
The Tenants by Bernard Malamud Aleksandar Hemon. No description available
Enchanted April Acting Edition by Matthew Barber Elizabeth von Arnim. No description available
"April May und June by Elizabeth von Arnim. I hugged my sisters and they fit against my sides like two jigsaw pieces that would never fit anywhere else. I couldn?t imagine ever letting them go again, like releasing them would be to surrender the best parts of myself. Three sisters share a magical, unshakeable bond in this witty high concept novel from the critically acclaimed author of Audrey, Wait! Around the time of their parents? divorce, sisters April, May, and June recover special powers from childhood?powers that come in handy navigating the hell that is high school. Powers that help them cope with the hardest year of their lives. But could they have a greater purpose? April, the oldest and a bit of a worrier, can see the future. Middle child May can literally disappear. And baby June reads minds?everyone?s but her own. When April gets a vision of disaster, the girls come together to save the day and reconcile their strained family. They realize that no matter what happens, powers or no powers, they?ll always have each other. Because there?s one thing stronger than magic sisterhood."
"A Room with a View by E.M. Forster. Published in 1908, A Room with a View was one of Forster's earliest novels and it has become one of his most famous and popular. The story is set in Florence, Italy, and Surrey, England and centers on young Lucy Honeychurch's choice between propriety and love. It is an accomplished and beautiful love story, full of generous insights."
A Room with a View Howards End by E.M. Forster Benjamin DeMott. No description available
"E.M. Forster Critical Guidebook by Lionel Trilling E.M. Forster. Want to understand this popular novel? Would you like to understand the issues of this novel at a more meaningful level?Do you need to know more about the social conventions that existed in the early twentieth century?This Study Guide will aid the reader in providing character notes, and an introduction to the themes of the text and the literary devices used. Insightful questions and commentaries on the chapters are designed to help readers to develop their own ideas and opinions about the characters and themes. It also contains a guide to developing your skills with written or oral commentaries. Two passages with guiding questions are supplied so that the reader can work on their writing or speaking skills."
The Longest Journey by E.M. Forster Gilbert Adair Elizabeth Heine. No description available
"Howards End by E.M. Forster. iBoo Press House uses state of the art technology to digitally reconstruct the work. We preserve the original format whilst repairing imperfections present in the aged copy. All Deluxe Edition titles are designed with a nice Digital Cloth TM Blue Cover inside the jacket cover, quality paper and a large font that's easy to read."
Maurice by E.M. Forster. No description available
E. M. Forster A Life by P.N. Furbank. No description available
The Sixteen Pleasures by Robert Hellenga. No description available
"Revolutionary Characters What Made the Founders Different by Gordon S. Wood. A historical analysis of America's founding leaders identifies the character qualities that enabled them to make their pivotal contributions to the country's formation, discussing what their examples can teach modern readers and how their shared vision of a national meritocracy was shaped by period beliefs about character and leadership. 75,000 first printing."
"The Rescue Kidnapped 3 by Gordon Korman. The startling conclusion to Gordon Korman's adventure trilogy.Aiden Falconer and FBI Agent Harris are closing in the people who kidnapped Aiden s sister, Meg. There s just one hitch Meg is trying to escape from them on her own, and is never where she s supposed to be. As tension mounts and the net tightens, only one thing is clear The kidnappers aren t going down without a fight. Before, it was Meg who was in trouble. Now both Meg and Aiden are in grave danger."
"Hunting the Hunter On the Run 6 by Gordon Korman. THE HUNTER After two years, Kane Winter still doesn t know what really happened the night his bounty hunting partner was murdered. What he does know is that there was a mysterious woman at the scene, and he won t rest until he finds her... THE PREY Kendall is accustomed to vampire games. After all, she is one herself part of an elite group of warriors who keep the other vamps in line by destroying the ones who prey on the weak and innocent. But now she s the one being stalked... THE PASSION When all trails lead to Kendall, Kane is consumed by a desire greater than vengeance a hunger to possess this woman for himself. Together, they will travel down a dangerous path of seduction and surrender, until there are no rules left to break and nowhere left to hide..."
Public Enemies On The Run 5 by Gordon Korman. The Falconer siblings come one step closer to freeing their parents from jail in this fifth installment of the thrilling Gordon Korman series.Aiden and Meg Falconer have been crossing the country as fugitives in order to prove their parents didn't commit a crime. They've been chased from state to state by the FBI . . . and by a killer they know only as Hairless Joe. Now Hairless Joe is getting closer than ever and the Falconers are getting even closer than that to the truth.
Runaway Bride by Deborah Gordon. No description available
The Bridge over the Drina by Ivo Andri William H. McNeill. A great stone bridge built three centuries ago in the heart of the Balkans ... stands witness to the countless lives played out upon it and to the sufferings of the people of Bosnia. Cover.
Drina Dances in Paris by Jean Estoril. No description available
Drina Ballerina by Jean Estoril. No description available
"Le Pont sur la Drina by Ivo Andri Pascale Delpech. Ma trag die c tait d tre victime de la guerre fratricide qui a enflamm e toute l Europe et les Balkans et parce que mon p re est mort et que je suis rest e orpheline. Ma m re a fait tout ce qui tait dans son pouvoir. Elle travaillait dix huit heures par jour, puisant toutes ses forces, mais ses enfants restaient toujours affam s, sans surveillance, sans cole. Elle a rencontr , par hasard, un homme dont elle est tomb e amoureuse et il para t que c tait r ciproque. Cet homme tait pr t se marier avec elle condition de prendre avec elle un seul enfant et laisser le deuxi me dans sa famille. Seulement, ce qui a succ d , c tait tout fait insupportable. La vie s est moqu e de la m re et de sa fille. L homme qui devait remplacer mon p re, tait instable, agressif et alcoolique. Et c tait cet homme que ma m re suivait pendant des ann es, au gr de ses mutations en tant que chef de gare de chemin de fer Be ka, ajka , Gora de. Moi, je les ai suivis fid lement. Cette p riode a laiss sur moi de grandes s quelles, des cons quences catastrophiques qui ne m ont jamais laiss devenir un vrai tre humain, sociable et naturel. En quittant ce foyer de ma m re et son mari, o j tais malmen e pendant des ann es, pour Zagreb, je me conduisais d une fa on trange. J vitais mes camarades de classe, je me mettais trembler nerveusement d s que l un des gar ons m adressait la parole."
"Drina Dances in Italy by Jean Estoril. After many months of diligent study at Chalk Green and in London, Drina takes a trip to Italy to visit her grandmother, and when several members of a touring ballet company fall ill, she gets her big chance to dance on stage."
Drina Goes on Tour by Jean Estoril Mabel Esther Allan. No description available
"Drina Dances in Madeira by Jean Estoril Mabel Esther Allan. Excerpt from A Madeira Party Also, a Little More Burgundy Sometime earlyin the second quarter of the century, in the City of Penn, and in what was then known as delaware fourth street, soon after dusk in the evening, occurred the unimpor tant events of which I shall speak. About the Publisher Forgotten Books publishes hundreds of thousands of rare and classic books. Find more at www.forgottenbooks.com This book is a reproduction of an important historical work. Forgotten Books uses state of the art technology to digitally reconstruct the work, preserving the original format whilst repairing imperfections present in the aged copy. In rare cases, an imperfection in the original, such as a blemish or missing page, may be replicated in our edition. We do, however, repair the vast majority of imperfections successfully any imperfections that remain are intentionally left to preserve the state of such historical works."
Phaedrus Apology Crito Symposium by Plato Benjamin Jowett. No description available
The Dialogues of Plato Volume 1 Euthyphro Apology Crito Meno Gorgias Menexenus by Plato Reginald E. Allen. No description available
Gorgias Timaeus by Plato Benjamin Jowett. No description available
Minor Works On Colours On Things Heard Physiognomics On Plants On Marvellous Things Heard Mechanical Problems On Indivisible Lines The...Gorgias by Aristotle W.S. Hett. No description available
"Aristophanes I Clouds Wasps Birds by Aristophanes Peter Meineck Ian C. Storey. Presents translations of three satirical plays along with information on staging, history, religious practice, myths, and issues raised by each play."
"The Trojan Women by Euripides Gilbert Murray. This work has been selected by scholars as being culturally important and is part of the knowledge base of civilization as we know it. This work is in the public domain in the United States of America, and possibly other nations. Within the United States, you may freely copy and distribute this work, as no entity individual or corporate has a copyright on the body of the work. Scholars believe, and we concur, that this work is important enough to be preserved, reproduced, and made generally available to the public. To ensure a quality reading experience, this work has been proofread and republished using a format that seamlessly blends the original graphical elements with text in an easy to read typeface. We appreciate your support of the preservation process, and thank you for being an important part of keeping this knowledge alive and relevant."
Greek Tragedies Volume 2 by David Grene Richmond Lattimore Aeschylus Sophocles Euripides. No description available
"Moloka'i Moloka'i 1 by Alan Brennert. Young Rachel Kalama, growing up in idyllic Honolulu in the 1890s, is part of a big, loving Hawaiian family, and dreams of seeing the far off lands that her father, a merchant seaman, often visits. But at the age of seven, Rachel and her dreams are shattered by the discovery that she has leprosy. Forcibly removed from her family, she is sent to Kalaupapa, the isolated leper colony on the island of Moloka'i. In her exile she finds a family of friends to replace the family she's lost a native healer, Haleola, who becomes her adopted auntie and makes Rachel aware of the rich culture and mythology of her people Sister Mary Catherine Voorhies, one of the Franciscan sisters who care for young girls at Kalaupapa and the beautiful, worldly Leilani, who harbors a surprising secret. At Kalaupapa she also meets the man she will one day marry. True to historical accounts, Moloka'i is the story of an extraordinary human drama, the full scope and pathos of which has never been told before in fiction. But Rachel's life, though shadowed by disease, isolation, and tragedy, is also one of joy, courage, and dignity. This is a story about life, not death hope, not despair. It is not about the failings of flesh, but the strength of the human spirit."
Teaching with the Brain in Mind by Eric Jensen. A revised and updated edition of Jensen's best selling guide to applying brain research in classroom practice.
Introducing Mind and Brain Introducing... by Angus Gellatly Oscar Z rate Richard Appignanesi. No description available
Eva Luna by Isabel Allende Margaret Sayers Peden. Analyse Roman d'amour. Roman de soci t .
"The Stories of Eva Luna by Isabel Allende. Told in the voice of Isabel Allende s beloved character Eva Luna, a distinctive, powerful, and haunting Los Angeles Times collection of short fiction by one of the most iconic and acclaimed writers of our time. Eva Luna is a young woman whose powers as a storyteller bring her friendship and love. Lying in bed with her European lover, refugee and journalist Rolf Carl , Eva answers his request for a story you have never told anyone before with these twenty three samples of her vibrant artistry. Interweaving the real and the magical, she explores love, vengeance, compassion, and the strengths of women, creating a world that is at once poignantly familiar and intriguingly new. Rendered in her sumptuously imagined, uniquely magical style, The Stories of Eva Luna is the cornerstone of Allende s work. This treasure trove of brilliantly crafted stories is a superb example of a writer working at the height of her powers."
Diez Cuentos de Eva Luna Con Guia de Comprension y Repaso de Gramatica by Isabel Allende Richard D. Woods Kenneth M. Taggart. No description available
"El bosque de los pigmeos by Isabel Allende. Con El Bosque de los Pigmeos, Isabel Allende cierra la trilog a Memorias del guila y el Jaguar . Esta vez Alexander y Nadia acompa an a Kate al coraz n de frica. frica Ecuatorial. Hasta all se han trasladado Nadia, Alexander y su abuela Kate para disfrutar del primer safari en elefante. Kenia es una fiesta de color bella y sensual, una mezcla de sabores, olores y sonidos inunda cada rinc n de esta tierra. Sin embargo, este para so tambi n esconde sus sombras. Y la primera se al llegar con las enigm ticas palabras de una sacerdotisa vud les espera una dur sima prueba, la que les enfrentar al temible monstruo de tres cabezas. Isabel Allende, una de las voces m s representativas de la literatura contempor nea,pone con esta novela un broche de oro a la trilog a Memorias del guila y el Jaguar , que inici con La Ciudad de las Bestias y El Reino del Drag n de Oro. A trav s de los ojos de Nadia y Alexander hemos descubierto que el hombre puede ser codicioso, corrupto, malvado y siniestro, pero tambi n hemos conocido a almas que saben escuchar con el coraz n, que entienden que el respeto y la solidaridad son la nica forma de caminar y que apuestan por un mundo definitivamente mejor. Una novela espl ndida para lectores de todas las edades. La cr tica ha dicho... Plagado de acci n y enrevesada trama, El Bosque de los Pigmeos es una monta a rusa de aventuras. Newsweek"
"In s of My Soul by Isabel Allende Margaret Sayers Peden. This vibrant new novel from Isabel Allende takes her back to her homeland of Chile, and tells the story of the first Spanish woman to arrive on its shores with the Conquistadors in the 1500s."
"La casa de los esp ritus by Isabel Allende. La casa de los esp ritus narra la saga familiar de los Trueba, desde principios del siglo XX hasta nuestra poca. Magistralmente ambientada en alg n lugar de Am rica Latina, la novela sigue paso a paso el dram tico y extravagante destino de unos personajes atrapados en un entorno sorprendente y ex tico. Una novela de impecable pulso estil stico y aguda lucidez hist rica y social."
El plan infinito by Isabel Allende. No description available
"El reino del drag n de oro by Isabel Allende. Unas meses despu s que el joven Alexander Cold se internara con suabuela en el coraz n del Amazonas en busca de una legendaria Bestia, vivir otra aventura. En esta ocasi n, la reportera Kate Cold acompa a a su nieto y a Nadia, la mejor amiga de Alexander, junto con los fot grafos de la International Geographic, en un viaje a otro remoto rinc n del mundo. La misi n del equipo es adentrarse en un reino prohibido, oculto en los picos helados del Himalaya, y localizar el legendario drag n de oro, una estatua sagrada y or culo invaluable capaz de presagiar el futuro del reino. En su carrera para llegar a la estatua antes de que sea destruida por la avaricia de un intruso, Alexander y Nadia deben usar el poder espiritual de sus animales tot micos el Jaguar y el guila. Con la ayuda de un sabio monje budista, su joven disc pulo, el pr ncipe heredero, y una feroz tribu de guerreros Yeti, Alexander y Nadia luchar n para proteger el reino del drag n de oro."
"City of the Beasts Eagle and Jaguar 1 by Isabel Allende Margaret Sayers Peden. A search for the Beast, a Yeti like creature within the heart of the Amazon, becomes a quest for self discovery in this young adult coming of age story filled with international adventure, rich mythology, and magical realism from globally celebrated novelist Isabel Allende. Fifteen year old Alexander Cold has the chance to take the trip of a lifetime. Parting from his family and ill mother, Alexander joins his fearless grandmother, a magazine reporter for International Geographic, on an expedition to the dangerous, remote world of the Amazon. Their mission, along with the others on their team including a celebrated anthropologist, a local guide and his young daughter Nadia, and a doctor is to document the legendary Yeti of the Amazon known as the Beast. Under the dense canopy of the jungle, Alexander is amazed to discover much more than he could have imagined about the hidden worlds of the rain forest. Drawing on the strength of the jaguar, the totemic animal Alexander finds within himself, and the eagle, Nadia's spirit guide, both young people are led by the invisible People of the Mist on a thrilling and unforgettable journey to the ultimate discovery."
Self by Yann Martel. No description available
Die Br cke ber die Drina by Ivo Andri Ernst E. Jonas. No description available
Drina Dances in Switzerland by Jean Estoril Jenny Sanders. No description available
"The Story of Salt by Mark Kurlansky S.D. Schindler. Presents the history of salt, from the many ways it's gathered from the earth and sea, to its many uses throughout history, from ancient times to Gandhi's famous Salt March."
Nonviolence Twenty Five Lessons from the History of a Dangerous Idea by Mark Kurlansky Dalai Lama XIV. No description available
Boogaloo on 2nd Avenue by Mark Kurlansky. No description available
"Cod A Biography of the Fish That Changed the World by Mark Kurlansky. A charming fish tale and a pretty gift for your favorite seafood cook or fishing monomaniac. But in the last analysis, it s a bitter ecological fable for our time. Los Angeles Times An unexpected, energetic look at world history via the humble cod fish from the bestselling author of Salt and The Basque History of the World Cod is the biography of a single species of fish, but it may as well be a world history with this humble fish as its recurring main character. Cod, it turns out, is the reason Europeans set sail across the Atlantic, and it is the only reason they could. What did the Vikings eat in icy Greenland and on the five expeditions to America recorded in the Icelandic sagas? Cod, frozen and dried in the frosty air, then broken into pieces and eaten like hardtack. What was the staple of the medieval diet? Cod again, sold salted by the Basques, an enigmatic people with a mysterious, unlimited supply of cod. As we make our way through the centuries of cod history, we also find a delicious legacy of recipes, and the tragic story of environmental failure, of depleted fishing stocks where once their numbers were legendary. In this lovely, thoughtful history, Mark Kurlansky ponders the question Is the fish that changed the world forever changed by the world's folly? Every once in a while a writer of particular skill takes a fresh, seemingly improbable idea and turns out a book of pure delight. Such is the case of Mark Kurlansky and the codfish. David McCullough"
1968 The Year That Rocked the World by Mark Kurlansky. No description available
A Chosen Few The Resurrection of European Jewry Reader's Circle by Mark Kurlansky. No description available
"The Basque History of the World The Story of a Nation by Mark Kurlansky. They are a mythical people, almost an imagined people, writes Mark Kurlansky. Settled in a corner of France and Spain in a land marked on no maps except their own, the Basques are a nation without a country, whose ancient and dramatic story illuminates Europe's own saga. Where did they come from? Signs of their civilization exist well before the arrival of the Romans in 218 B.C., and their culture appears to predate all others in Europe. Their mysterious and forbidden tongue, Euskera, is related to no other language on Earth. The Basques have stubbornly defended their unique culture against the Celts, the Romans, the Visigoths and Moors, the kings of Spain and France, Napoleon, Franco, the modern Spanish state, and the European Union. Yet as much as their origins are obscure, the Basques' contributions to world history have been clear and remarkable. Early explorers, they made fortunes whaling before the year 1000 and became the premier cod fishermen in Europe after discovering Canada's Grand Banks. Juan Sebastian de Elcano, a Basque, was the first man to circumnavigate the globe in 1522. Their influence has also been felt in religion as founders of the Jesuits in 1534, and in business, as leaders of the Industrial Revolution in southern Europe. Mark Kurlanky's passion for the Basque people, and his exuberant eye for detail, shine throughout this fascinating history. Like his acclaimed Cod, it blends human, economic, political, literary and culinary history into a rich and heroic tale."
"The Cod's Tale by Mark Kurlansky S.D. Schindler. Accessible to middle grade readers The Cod s Tale considers how the cod fits into human history. Excellent ink drawings, brightened with colorful washes, illustrate incidents from the text with clarity, a flair for the dramatic, and a sense of humor. Booklist, starred review What was it that enabled the Vikings, Christopher Columbus, and the Pilgrims to cross the cold Atlantic Ocean to America? What became a staple of the medieval diet in Europe, helped spur the American Revolution, and allowed the early New Englanders to start making money of their own? Would you believe that it was a fish? The cod! Based on Mark Kurlansky s New York Times bestselling adult book, Cod, this picture book offers a unique look at over a thousand years of world history. Breezy, kid friendly prose...fascinating and informative...bound to hook young readers. The Bulletin of the Center for Children s Books An ALA Notable Book Includes suggestions for further reading, factual sidebars, and timeline"
Open City 6 The Only Woman He Ever Left by Open City Magazine James Purdy Daniel Pinchbeck Michael Cunningham Deborah Garrison Rem Koolhaas Rick Moody Strawberry Saroyan Debra Garrison. No description available
"Harry Potter Y La Piedra Filosofal Harry Potter 1 by J.K. Rowling. Rescatado del descuido de su tia y tio, un huerfano con un gran destino matricula en la escuela Hogwarts para Magos y Brujas."
Angle of Repose by Wallace Stegner Jackson J. Benson. No description available
"Don't Make Me Think A Common Sense Approach to Web Usability by Steve Krug. Since Don't Make Me Think was first published in 2000, hundreds of thousands of Web designers and developers have relied on usability guru Steve Krug's guide to help them understand the principles of intuitive navigation and information design. Witty, commonsensical, and eminently practical, it's one of the best loved and most recommended books on the subject. Now Steve returns with fresh perspective to reexamine the principles that made Don't Make Me Think a classic with updated examples and a new chapter on mobile usability. And it's still short, profusely illustrated...and best of all fun to read. If you've read it before, you'll rediscover what made Don't Make Me Think so essential to Web designers and developers around the world. If you've never read it, you'll see why so many people have said it should be required reading for anyone working on Web sites. After reading it over a couple of hours and putting its ideas to work for the past five years, I can say it has done more to improve my abilities as a Web designer than any other book. Jeffrey Zeldman, author of Designing with Web Standards"
Girlfriend in a Coma by Douglas Coupland. No description available
Corelli's Mandolin by Louis de Berni res. No description available
"Kiffe Kiffe Tomorrow by Fa za Gu ne Sarah Adams. A touching, furious, sharp, and very funny novel of an immigrant teenage girl finding her own identity in France Booklist . The Paradise projects are only a few metro stops from Paris, but it feels like a different world. Doria s father, aka the Beard, has headed back to their hometown in Morocco, leaving her and her mom to cope with their mektoub, their destiny, alone. They have a little help from a social worker sent by the city, a psychiatrist sent by the school, and a thug friend who recites Rimbaud. It seems like fate has dealt them an impossible hand, but Doria might still make a new life with bravado, humor, and a healthy dose of rage St. Petersburg Times . A sassy, spunky tale . . . Doria has what it takes to storm any barricade. The Hartford Courant Doria is as likable as Holden Caulfield or Prep s Lee Fiora. Readers will cheer. Highly recommended. Library Journal, starred review A promising addition to the world s literary voices. The Miami Herald Moving and irreverent, sad and funny, full of rage and intelligence. Her voice is fresh, and her book a delight. Laila Lalami, bestselling author of The Moor s Account"
Our Kind of People Inside America's Black Upper Class by Lawrence Otis Graham. No description available
The Senator and the Socialite The True Story of America's First Black Dynasty by Lawrence Otis Graham. No description available
"Temptations by Otis Williams Patricia Romanowski. Williams, a founding member of the legendary Motown group the Temptations, tells the story of the group's formation and its years of musical success."
The Thorn Birds by Colleen McCullough. No description available
"Caesar Masters of Rome 5 by Colleen McCullough. New York Times bestselling author Colleen McCullough re creates an extraordinary epoch before the mighty Republic belonged to Julius Caesar when Rome's noblewomen were his greatest conquest. His victories were legend in battle and bedchamber alike. Love was a political weapon he wielded cunningly and ruthlessly in his private war against enemies in the forum. Genius, general, patrician, Gaius Julius Caesar was history. His wives bought him influence. He sacrificed his beloved daughter on the altar of ambition. He burned for the cold hearted mistress he could never dare trust. Caesar's women all knew and feared his power. He adored them, used them, destroyed them on his irresistible rise to prominence. And one of them would seal his fate."
"Caesar's Women Masters of Rome 4 by Colleen McCullough. New York Times bestselling author Colleen McCullough re creates an extraordinary epoch before the mighty Republic belonged to Julius Caesar when Rome's noblewomen were his greatest conquest. His victories were legend in battle and bedchamber alike. Love was a political weapon he wielded cunningly and ruthlessly in his private war against enemies in the forum. Genius, general, patrician, Gaius Julius Caesar was history. His wives bought him influence. He sacrificed his beloved daughter on the altar of ambition. He burned for the cold hearted mistress he could never dare trust. Caesar's women all knew and feared his power. He adored them, used them, destroyed them on his irresistible rise to prominence. And one of them would seal his fate."
"On Off Carmine Delmonico 1 by Colleen McCullough. A searing scientific murder mystery packed with heartpounding twists. It is 1965, and in Holloman, Connecticut, someone is preying on the innocent. At a prestigious research centre for the neurosciences, fondly known by its staff as the Hug, parts of a mutilated body are discovered. Very soon Lieutenant Carmine Delmonico of the Holloman Police learns that a string of horrifying murders, each fitting the same modus operandi as the body found at the Hug, has been occurring throughout the state. Then another body is found and the medical staff become prime suspects... With the Center s hierarchies of power in turmoil and every member of its staff hiding something, Delmonico delves into the lives and pasts of each and every employee. It is the case of his career, and he is determined to solve it. But how do you find a monster who leaves no clues and is always two steps ahead? Colleen McCullough artfully maintains the suspense and holds back the truth until the last page, where she presents the reader with one final terrifying and unexpected twist. On, Off is a classic murder mystery, written with all the flair and skill that have made Colleen McCullough one of the most popular novelists of her time."
Three Complete Novels Tim An Indecent Obsession The Ladies of Missalonghi by Colleen McCullough. No description available
"Morgan's Run by Colleen McCullough. Colleen McCullough captivated millions with her beloved worldwide bestseller The Thorn Birds. Now she takes readers to the birth of modern Australia with a breathtaking saga brimming with drama, history, and passion. Following the disappearance of his only son and the death of his beloved wife, Richard Morgan is falsely imprisoned and exiled to the penal colonies of eighteenth century Australia. His life is shattered but Morgan refuses to surrender, overcoming all obstacles to find unexpected contentment and happiness in the harsh early days of Australia's settlement. From England's shores to Botany Bay and the rugged frontier of a hostile new world, Morgan's Run is the epic tale of love lost and found, and the man whose strength and character helped settle a country and define its future."
"The October Horse A Novel of Caesar and Cleopatra Masters of Rome 6 by Colleen McCullough. In her new book about the men who were instrumental in establishing the Rome of the Emperors, Colleen McCullough tells the story of a famous love affair and a man whose sheer ability could lead to only one end assassination. As The October Horse begins, Gaius Julius Caesar is at the height of his stupendous career. When he becomes embroiled in a civil war between Egypt's King Ptolemy and Queen Cleopatra, he finds himself torn between the fascinations of a remarkable woman and his duty as a Roman. Though he must leave Cleopatra, she remains a force in his life as a lover and as the mother of his only son, who can never inherit Caesar's Roman mantle, and therefore cannot solve his father's greatest dilemma who will be Caesar's Roman heir? A hero to all of Rome except to those among his colleagues who see his dictatorial powers as threats to the democratic system they prize so highly, Caesar is determined not to be worshiped as a god or crowned king, but his unique situation conspires to make it seem otherwise. Swearing to bring him down, Caesar's enemies masquerade as friends and loyal supporters while they plot to destroy him. Among them are his cousin and Master of the Horse, Mark Antony, feral and avaricious, priapic and impulsive Gaius Trebonius, the nobody, who owes him everything Gaius Cassius, eaten by jealousy and the two Brutuses, his cousin Decimus, and Marcus, the son of his mistress Servilia, sad victim of his mother and of his uncle Cato, whose daughter he marries. All are in Caesar's debt, all have been raised to high positions, all are outraged by Caesar's autocracy. Caesar must die, they decide, for only when he is dead will Rome return to her old ways, her old republican self. With her extraordinary knowledge of Roman history, Colleen McCullough brings Caesar to life as no one has ever done before and surrounds him with an enormous and vivid cast of historical characters, characters like Cleopatra who call to us from beyond the centuries, for McCullough's genius is to make them live again without losing any of the grandeur that was Rome. Packed with battles on land and sea, with intrigue, love affairs, and murders, the novel moves with amazing speed toward the assassination itself, and then into the ever more complex and dangerous consequences of that act, in which the very fate of Rome is at stake. The October Horse is about one of the world's pivotal eras, relating as it does events that have continued to echo even into our own times."
"The First Man in Rome Masters of Rome 1 by Colleen McCullough. With extraordinary narrative power, New York Times bestselling author Colleen McCullough sweeps the reader into a whirlpool of pageantry and passion, bringing to vivid life the most glorious epoch in human history. When the world cowered before the legions of Rome, two extraordinary men dreamed of personal glory the military genius and wealthy rural upstart Marius, and Sulla, penniless and debauched but of aristocratic birth. Men of exceptional vision, courage, cunning, and ruthless ambition, separately they faced the insurmountable opposition of powerful, vindictive foes. Yet allied they could answer the treachery of rivals, lovers, enemy generals, and senatorial vipers with intricate and merciless machinations of their own to achieve in the end a bloody and splendid foretold destiny . . . and win the most coveted honor the Republic could bestow."
"The Grass Crown Masters of Rome 2 by Colleen McCullough. New York Times bestselling author Colleen McCullough returns us to an age of magnificent triumphs, volcanic passions, and barbaric cruelties. Throughout the Western world, great kingdoms have fallen and despots lay crushed beneath the heels of Rome's advancing legions. But now internal rebellion threatens the stability of the mighty Republic. An aging, ailing Gaius Marius, heralded conqueror of Germany and Numidia, longs for that which was prophesied many years before an unprecedented seventh consulship of Rome. It is a prize to be won only through treachery and with blood, pitting Marius against a new generation of assassins, power seekers, and Senate intriguers and setting him at odds with the ambitious, tormented Lucius Cornelius Sulla, once Marius's most trusted right hand man, now his most dangerous rival."
Tim by Colleen McCullough. No description available
O'Brien's the Things They Carried by Jill Colella CliffsNotes. No description available
"The Five People You Meet in Heaven by Mitch Albom. Eddie is a wounded war veteran, an old man who has lived, in his mind, an uninspired life. His job is fixing rides at a seaside amusement park. On his 83rd birthday, a tragic accident kills him, as he tries to save a little girl from a falling cart. He awakes in the afterlife, where he learns that heaven is not a destination. It's a place where your life is explained to you by five people, some of whom you knew, others who may have been strangers. One by one, from childhood to soldier to old age, Eddie's five people revisit their connections to him on earth, illuminating the mysteries of his meaningless life, and revealing the haunting secret behind the eternal question Why was I here?"
The Curious Incident of the Dog In the Night time by Mark Haddon. No description available
"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night time by Mark Haddon. A bestselling modern classic both poignant and funny narrated by a fifteen year old autistic savant obsessed with Sherlock Holmes, this dazzling novel weaves together an old fashioned mystery, a contemporary coming of age story, and a fascinating excursion into a mind incapable of processing emotions. Christopher John Francis Boone knows all the countries of the world and their capitals and every prime number up to 7,057. Although gifted with a superbly logical brain, Christopher is autistic. Everyday interactions and admonishments have little meaning for him. At fifteen, Christopher s carefully constructed world falls apart when he finds his neighbour s dog Wellington impaled on a garden fork, and he is initially blamed for the killing. Christopher decides that he will track down the real killer, and turns to his favourite fictional character, the impeccably logical Sherlock Holmes, for inspiration. But the investigation leads him down some unexpected paths and ultimately brings him face to face with the dissolution of his parents marriage. As Christopher tries to deal with the crisis within his own family, the narrative draws readers into the workings of Christopher s mind. And herein lies the key to the brilliance of Mark Haddon s choice of narrator The most wrenching of emotional moments are chronicled by a boy who cannot fathom emotions. The effect is dazzling, making for one of the freshest debut in years a comedy, a tearjerker, a mystery story, a novel of exceptional literary merit that is great fun to read."
Northern Lights by Tim O'Brien. No description available
If I Die in a Combat Zone Box Me Up and Ship Me Home by Tim O'Brien. No description available
Going After Cacciato by Tim O'Brien. No description available
In the Lake of the Woods by Tim O'Brien. No description available
The Nuclear Age by Tim O'Brien. No description available
The Rescue by Nicholas Sparks. A colorful tale of the Malay archipelago and its surrounding waters.
"A Bend in the Road by Nicholas Sparks. Fall in love with this small town love story about a widower sheriff and a divorced schoolteacher who are searching for second chances only to be threatened by long held secrets of the past. Miles Ryan's life seemed to end the day his wife was killed in a hit and run accident two years ago. As deputy sheriff of New Bern, North Carolina, he not only grieves for her and worries about their young son Jonah but longs to bring the unknown driver to justice. Then Miles meets Sarah Andrews, Jonah's second grade teacher. A young woman recovering from a difficult divorce, Sarah moved to New Bern hoping to start over. Tentatively, Miles and Sarah reach out to each other...soon they are falling in love. But what neither realizes is that they are also bound together by a shocking secret, one that will force them to reexamine everything they believe in including their love."
"True Believer Jeremy Marsh Lexie Darnell 1 by Nicholas Sparks. As a science journalist with a regular column in Scientific American, Jeremy Marsh specializes in debunking the supernatural and has a real nose for the strange and unusual. A born skeptic, he travels to the small town of Boone Creek, North Carolina, determined to find the real cause behind the ghostly apparitions that appear in the town cemetery. What he doesn't plan on, however, is meeting and falling hopelessly in love with Lexie Darnell, granddaughter of the town psychic. Now, if the young lovers are to have any kind of future at all, Jeremy must make a difficult choice return to the life he knows, or do something he could never do before take a giant leap of faith."
"Three Weeks With My Brother by Nicholas Sparks Micah Sparks. In this New York Times bestseller, follow the author of The Notebook as he travels the world with his brother learning about faith, loss, connection, and hope. As moving as his bestselling works of fiction, Nicholas Sparks's unique memoir, written with his brother, chronicles the life affirming journey of two brothers bound by memories, both humorous and tragic. In January 2003, Nicholas Sparks and his brother, Micah, set off on a three week trip around the globe. It was to mark a milestone in their lives, for at thirty seven and thirty eight respectively, they were now the only surviving members of their family. Against the backdrop of the wonders of the world and often overtaken by their feelings, daredevil Micah and the more serious, introspective Nicholas recalled their rambunctious childhood adventures and the tragedies that tested their faith. And in the process, they discovered startling truths about loss, love, and hope. Narrated with irrepressible humor and rare candor, and including personal photos, Three Weeks with My Brother reminds us to embrace life with all its uncertainties . . . and most of all, to cherish the joyful times, both small and momentous, and the wonderful people who make them possible."
"The Wedding The Notebook 2 by Nicholas Sparks. In this stunning New York Times bestselling follow up to The Notebook, a hardworking but distant husband vows to win back the love of his life by looking to Noah and Allie's legendary romance. After thirty years, Wilson Lewis is forced to face a painful truth the romance has gone out of his marriage. His wife, Jane, has fallen out of love with him, and it is entirely his fault. Despite the shining example of his in laws, Noah and Allie Calhoun, and their fifty year love affair, Wilson himself is a man unable to express his true feelings. He has spent too little time at home and too much at the office, leaving the responsibility of raising their children to Jane. Now his daughter is about to marry, and his wife is thinking about leaving him. But if Wilson is sure of anything, it is this His love for Jane has only grown over the years, and he will do everything he can to save their marriage. With the memories of Noah and Allie's inspiring life together as his guide, he vows to find a way to make his wife fall in love with him...all over again. In this powerfully moving tale of love lost, rediscovered, and renewed, Nicholas Sparks once again brings readers his unique insight into the only emotion that ultimately really matters."
"El Guardi n by Nicholas Sparks Ram n Gonz lez F rriz. Julie Barenson es, a sus veintinueve a os, demasiado joven para olvidarse del amor. Acci n irresistible. Una historia de amor aderezada con suspense que se convertir en el nuevo best seller de Sparks. Su amado esposo muri en un tr gico accidente cuatro a os antes, haci ndole dos regalos antes de su muerte un cachorro llamado Singer y la promesa de cuidarla para siempre. Ella sigue record ndole, pero siente que por fin ha llegado el momento de rehacer su vida. La pregunta es, con qui n? Quiza con Richard Franklin, un hombre guapo y sofisticado que la trata como a una reina o Mike Harris, el mejor amigo de su difunto marido y un hombre sensato y cabal. La toma de una decisi n deparar a Julie momentos de felicidad que no hab a sentido en a os. Pero una pesadilla asomar en su vida justo entonces los celos la sumir n en una espiral de obsesi n y muerte."
Nights in Rodanthe by Nicholas Sparks. No description available
Message in a Bottle by Nicholas Sparks. No description available
A Walk to Remember by Nicholas Sparks. No description available
"Icy Sparks by Gwyn Hyman Rubio. A New York Times Notable Book and the March 2001 selection of Oprah's Book Club ! Icy Sparks is the sad, funny and transcendent tale of a young girl growing up in the mountains of Eastern Kentucky during the 1950 s. Gwyn Hyman Rubio s beautifully written first novel revolves around Icy Sparks, an unforgettable heroine in the tradition of Scout in To Kill a Mockingbird or Will Treed in Cold Sassy Tree. At the age of ten, Icy, a bright, curious child orphaned as a baby but raised by adoring grandparents, begins to have strange experiences. Try as she might, her secrets verbal croaks, groans, and physical spasms keep afflicting her. As an adult, she will find out she has Tourette s Syndrome, a rare neurological disorder, but for years her behavior is the source of mystery, confusion, and deep humiliation. Narrated by a grown up Icy, the book chronicles a difficult, but ultimately hilarious and heartwarming journey, from her first spasms to her self acceptance as a young woman. Curious about life beyond the hills, talented, and energetic, Icy learns to cut through all barriers physical, mental, and spiritual in order to find community and acceptance. Along her journey, Icy faces the jeers of her classmates as well as the malevolence of her often ignorant teachers including Mrs. Stilton, one of the most evil fourth grade teachers ever created by a writer. Called willful by her teachers and Frog Child by her schoolmates, she is exiled from the schoolroom and sent to a children s asylum where it is hoped that the roots of her mysterious behavior can be discovered. Here Icy learns about difference her own and those who are even more scarred than she. Yet, it isn t until Icy returns home that she really begins to flower, especially through her friendship with the eccentric and obese Miss Emily, who knows first hand how it feels to be an outcast in this tightly knit Appalachian community. Under Miss Emily s tutelage, Icy learns about life s struggles and rewards, survives her first comical and heartbreaking misadventure with romance, discovers the healing power of her voice when she sings, and ultimately takes her first steps back into the world. Gwyn Hyman Rubio s Icy Sparks is a fresh, original, and completely redeeming novel about learning to overcome others ignorance and celebrate the differences that make each of us unique."
"Sugarplums and Scandal Love at Stake 2.5 Bed and Breakfast Mysteries 22.5 by Lori Avocato Dana Cameron Mary Dahiem Suzanne Macpherson Cait London Kerrelyn Sparks Mary Daheim. SUGARPLUMS AND SCANDAL brings together the best of romance and mystery in one delightful collection of Christmas tales. In the expert hands of six of Avon's best storytellers, the holiday season takes on an air of love and scandalous surprises! Filled with Christmas miracles, romance, and suspense, this will make the perfect gift for both romance and mystery fans. Each author brings their own unique voice and characters to the collection, as well as their fan followings. All I Want For Christmas is My Two Front Teeth Lori Avocato The Lords of Misrule Dana Cameron The Ghost of Christmas Passed Mary Daheim Partners in Crime Cait London Holly Go Lightly Suzanne Macpherson A Very Vampy Christmas Kerrelyn Sparks"
Special Topics in Calamity Physics by Marisha Pessl. No description available
The Dictionary of Corporate Bullshit An A to Z Lexicon of Empty Enraging and Just Plain Stupid Office Talk by Lois Beckwith. No description available
On Truth by Harry G. Frankfurt Baruch Spinoza. No description available
"Twelve Sharp Stephanie Plum 12 by Janet Evanovich. In Trenton, New Jersey bounty hunter, Stephanie Plum is trying to track down a female stalker."
Sharp Edges by Jayne Ann Krentz. No description available
Mrs. Sharp's Traditions Reviving Victorian Family Celebrations of Comfort Joy by Sarah Ban Breathnach. No description available
"The Sly Spy Olivia Sharp Agent for Secrets 3 by Marjorie Weinman Sharmat Mitchell Sharmat Denise Brunkus. I, Nate the Great, have something to say. My cousin Olivia Sharp is almost but not quite the world s best detective. I solve mysteries. She s an agent for secrets. You won t forget Olivia. She won t let you. Olivia sharp is back! Rather than solve mysteries like her cousin Nate, Olivia helps friends with their problems by detecting what s wrong beneath the surface. You'll be won over by Olivia s spunk, eccentricities, and can do spirit."
"The Green Toenails Gang Olivia Sharp Agent for Secrets 4 by Marjorie Weinman Sharmat Mitchell Sharmat Denise Brunkus. I, Nate the Great, have something to say. My cousin Olivia Sharp is almost but not quite the world s best detective. I solve mysteries. She s an agent for secrets. You won t forget Olivia. She won t let you. Olivia sharp is back! Rather than solve mysteries like her cousin Nate, Olivia helps friends with their problems by detecting what s wrong beneath the surface. You'll be won over by Olivia s spunk, eccentricities, and can do spirit."
"The Pizza Monster Olivia Sharp Agent for Secrets 1 by Marjorie Weinman Sharmat Mitchell Sharmat Denise Brunkus. I, Nate the Great, have something to say. My cousin Olivia Sharp is almost but not quite the world s best detective. I solve mysteries. She s an agent for secrets. You won t forget Olivia. She won t let you. Olivia sharp is back! Rather than solve mysteries like her cousin Nate, Olivia helps friends with their problems by detecting what s wrong beneath the surface. You'll be won over by Olivia s spunk, eccentricities, and can do spirit."
"The Spy Who Barked Adam Sharp 1 by George E. Stanley. Eight year old spy Adam Sharp pursues the very short Ambassador of Barkastan, who has stolen a top secret computer program, DOGBARK, that will let him understand the language of dogs."
Kare First Love Vol. 9 Kare First Love 9 by Kaho Miyasaka. Blood proves to be thicker than water when Kiriya leaps straight into the path of danger to save his father from being hit by a speeding car. But will this selfless act be enough to mend the chasm like rift between father and son? The situation intensifies when Karin learns a secret about Kiriya's dad that she is asked to keep from her beau! VIZ Media
"The World's First Love Mary Mother of God by Fulton J. Sheen. With his characteristic eloquence and brilliance, Fulton J. Sheen presents a moving portrayal of the Blessed Virgin Mary that combines deep spirituality with history, philosophy and theology. All the major aspects and events of Mary's life are lovingly portrayed in this word portrait that is a never failing source of information, consolation and inspiration. Sheen also gives profound insights into all the Marian beliefs ranging from the Immaculate Conception to the Assumption to the miracle of Our Lady of Fatima. While considering the different phases of Mary's life, Bishop Sheen discusses various problems common to mankind of every age and reveals clearly that every problem can be resolved. He emphasizes the unique dignity, strength and gifts of women and their ability to help heal the world's problems. Sheen stresses mankind's need of the Mother of God and her burning love for all her children. The great resurgence of devotion to Mary is God's way of emphasizing the worth and dignity of every person against the false doctrines that have so confused the modern world."
"Kare First Love Vol. 10 Kare First Love 10 by Kaho Miyasaka. Karin agrees to do another commercial, but everything gets complicated when she realizes that Shinji is the director. Then, Kiriya runs into his exgirlfriend on the set when he accompanies Karin to the shoot. He denies knowing her, but sooner or later Karin will find out the truth."
"The Tutor's First Love by George MacDonald Michael R. Phillips. Rev. ed. of David Elginbrod. 1863. Hugh Sutherland develops a friendship with the steward of a Scottish estate, David Elginbrod, and his daughter, Margaret. Although he returns to the city he is never able to shake off their influence and faith in God."
First Love by Ivan Turgenev Constance Garnett. No description available
Love First Site by Jane Moore. No description available
First Love Second Chance by Amanda Clark. No description available
The Modern Prince Charles J. Haughey and the Quest for Power by Justin O'Brien. One man's quest for power in Ireland's modern political structure
The Modern Prince and Other Writings by Antonio Gramsci. No description available
"Emily of New Moon Emily 1 by L.M. Montgomery. In Emily of New Moon, Emily Starr is sent to live at New Moon Farm on Prince Edward Island with her aunts Elizabeth and Laura Murray and her Cousin Jimmy. She makes friends with Ilse Burnley, Teddy Kent, and Perry Miller, the hired boy, whom Aunt Elizabeth looks down upon because he was born in 'Stovepipe Town', a poorer district. Each of the children has a special gift. Emily was born to be a writer, Teddy is a gifted artist, Ilse is a talented elocutionist, and Perry has the makings of a great politician. They also each have a few problems with their families. Emily has a hard time getting along with Aunt Elizabeth, who does not understand her need to write."
The Selected Journals Of L.M. Montgomery Vol. 5 1935 1942 by L.M. Montgomery Mary Henley Rubio Elizabeth Hillman Waterston. No description available
Against the Odds Tales of Achievement by L.M. Montgomery Rea Wilmshurst. No description available
Anne of Avonlea by L.M. Montgomery Susan O'Malley. No description available
A Tangled Web by L.M. Montgomery. No description available
"The Complete Anne of Green Gables Boxed Set Anne of Green Gables 1 8 by L.M. Montgomery. Favorites for nearly 100 years, these classic novels follow the adventures of the spirited redhead Anne Shirley, who comes to stay at Green Gables and wins the hearts of everyone she meets."
"Pat of Silver Bush Pat 1 by L.M. Montgomery. Pat of Silver Bush is a novel written by Lucy Maud Montgomery, noted for her Anne of Green Gables series. It portrays a girl named Patricia Gardiner, who hates changes of any kind and loves her home, Silver Bush, more than anything else in the world. She is very devoted to her family her father and mother, her brothers Joe and Sid, and her sisters Winnie and Rachel. The book begins when Pat is 7 years old and ends when she is 18. This book has a sequel, Mistress Pat, which describes Patricia Gardiner's life in her twenties and early thirties, during which she remained single and took care of her beloved home, Silver Bush. Pat hated changes as much as ever, and found in Silver Bush a refuge where she was shielded from them, but changes happened nevertheless. In the course of eleven years, new servants, new neighbors and new lovers came and went, her brothers and sisters all got married, and life at Silver Bush was no longer as pleasant as before, but Pat clung to her love of it desperately. It was only in the face of horrible disasters that Pat found where her heart belonged for the rest of her life. Lucy Maud Montgomery 1874 1942 , was a Canadian author best known for a series of novels beginning with Anne of Green Gables. Montgomery went on to publish 20 novels as well as 530 short stories, 500 poems, and 30 essays."
"Sherlock Holmes The Complete Novels and Stories Volume I by Arthur Conan Doyle. Since his first appearance in Beeton s Christmas Annual in 1887, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle s Sherlock Holmes has been one of the most beloved fictional characters ever created. Now, in one eBook, Bantam Classics presents all fifty six short stories and four novels featuring Conan Doyle s classic hero a truly complete collection of Sherlock Holmes s adventures in crime! Volume I includes the early novel A Study in Scarlet, which introduced the eccentric genius of Sherlock Holmes to the world. This baffling murder mystery, with the cryptic word Rache written in blood, first brought Holmes together with Dr. John Watson. Next, The Sign of Four presents Holmes s famous seven percent solution and the strange puzzle of Mary Morstan in the quintessential locked room mystery. Also included are Holmes s feats of extraordinary deception in such famous cases as the chilling The Adventure of the Speckled Band, the baffling riddle of The Musgrave Ritual, and the ingeniously plotted The Five Orange Pips. Volume II begins with The Hound of Baskervilles, a haunting novel of murder on eerie Grimpen Moor, which has rightly earned its reputation as the finest murder mystery ever written. The Valley of Fear matches Holmes against his archenemy, the master of imaginative crime, Professor Moriarty. In addition, the loyal Dr. Watson has faithfully recorded Holmes s feats of extraordinary detection in such famous cases as the thrilling The Adventure of the Red Circle, Holmes s tragic and fortunately premature farewell in The Final Problem, and the twelve baffling adventures from The Case Book of Sherlock Holmes. Conan Doyle s incomparable tales bring to life a Victorian England of horse drawn cabs, fogs, and the famous lodgings at 221 B Baker Street, where for more than forty years Sherlock Holmes earned his undisputed reputation as the greatest fictional detective of all time."
"The New Annotated Sherlock Holmes The Complete Short Stories by Arthur Conan Doyle Leslie S. Klinger. Classic short stories of Sherlock Holmes now available in a separate, attractively priced individual volume. The publication of Leslie S. Klinger's brilliant new annotations of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's classic Holmes short stories in 2004 created a Holmes sensation. Available again in an attractively priced edition identical to the first, except this edition has no outer slipcase Volume Two is available separately . Inside, readers will find all the short stories from The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, with a cornucopia of insights beginners will benefit from Klinger's insightful biographies of Holmes, Watson, and Conan Doyle history lovers will revel in the wealth of Victorian literary and cultural details Sherlockian fanatics will puzzle over tantalizing new theories art lovers will thrill to the 450 plus illustrations, which make this the most lavishly illustrated edition of the Holmes tales ever produced. The New Annotated Sherlock Holmes illuminates the timeless genius of Arthur Conan Doyle for an entirely new generation of readers."
The New Annotated Sherlock Holmes The Novels by Arthur Conan Doyle Leslie S. Klinger. No description available
"The Science of Sherlock Holmes From Baskerville Hall to the Valley of Fear the Real Forensics Behind the Great Detective's Greatest Cases by E.J. Wagner. This book uses the adventures of Sherlock Holmes as a starting point to discuss the growth of forensic science during the Victorian era. It explores the emergence of science from superstition, how forensic autopsies evolved from anatomical dissection and the huge advances in blood chemistry and poison detection."
"Sherlock Holmes A Baker Street Dozen by Arthur Conan Doyle John Gielgud Ralph Richardson Orson Welles. Follow Holmes and Watson as they traverse the streets of London and take on cases from the most unlikely of clients in these thirteen short mysteries. The collection includes ... The Lobster Quadrille Colonel Archibald Fanshawe, from Watson's Afghanistan days, bumps into his old comrade and proceeds to invite Watson and Holmes for dinner with him and his wife. As the dinner is in full swing and the main course gets underway it is apparent to Holmes that something is afoot after Fanshawe falls gravely ill at dinner. The Gantry Point Wreckers Take a trip away from Baker Street whilst Holmes recuperates on doctor's orders in the North Devon town of Bideford. Not too long after arriving in the town Holmes's rested mind begins to work overtime as he soon begins unravelling the mystery of sinking ships in the next town along the coast. Sherlock Holmes and the Gypsy Switch Mrs Joan Moran's trip out to Streatham to ogle at Middle Eastern oddities culminates in a new case for Holmes and Watson. They must discover how her husband, who has been dead for some time, is able to gift her with gold coins from beyond the grave in this chilling tale. The Kinema Mystery In an unusual case Holmes must save the owner of several kinemas from a thief who is able to walk through walls and disappear without a trace. The Baker Street Conjurer George Dean, proprietor and owner of the tavern 'Cold Cut and Tankard' requires the help of Holmes to ascertain how a conjurer who entertains his paying guests may, or may not, be magically stealing his earnings from right under his nose. Plus another eight vibrant tales of London's finest detective."
"Sherlock Holmes The Unauthorized Biography by Nick Rennison. An in depth biography of the world s most famous detective that will intrigue Sherlockians and non Sherlockians alike. Publishers Weekly He has been called a genius and a fraud, a hero and an addict, but who really was Sherlock Holmes? With an attention to detail that would make his subject envious, Nick Rennison combs the literature for clues, omissions, and inconsistencies in Dr. Watson s immortal narration. He delves into Holmes s contact with prominent historical figures including Oscar Wilde and Sigmund Freud and uncovers startling, new information. How did a Cambridge dropout and bit player on the London stage transform himself into a renowned consulting detective? Did he know the identity of Jack the Ripper? When did Holmes and his nemesis, Professor Moriarty, first cross paths? Did Sherlock Holmes, protector of the innocent, commit the very act he so often worked to prevent, the cold blooded, premeditated murder of Moriarty? Sherlock Holmes The Unauthorized Biography answers these questions and many more as it careens through the most infamous crimes and historic events of the Victorian age, all in pursuit of the real man behind the greatest detective in modern fiction and, just perhaps, nonfiction."
Murder by Moonlight Other Mysteries New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes 19 24 by NOT A BOOK. No description available
The Mysteries of Sherlock Holmes by Arthur Conan Doyle Paul Bachem. No description available
"The Complete Adventures and Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes by Arthur Conan Doyle. A facsimile edition of the original 24 Sherlock Holmes stories from London's The Strand Magazine, written between 1891 and 1893, with black and white illustrations by Sidney Paget."
The Unfortunate Tobacconist Other Mysteries Sherlock Holmes 1 6 by NOT A BOOK. No description available
"Personal Finance For Dummies by Eric Tyson. Understand personal finance and put your money to work! Is your money working to increase your wealth? If not, it's time to take stock of your financial situation. Personal Finance For Dummies, 8th Edition offers time tested financial tips and advice on how to continue to grow your financial assets in light of the changing market and economic conditions. A new breed of fiscal consciousness has arisen and it's high time for you to join the movement by taking control over your financial life. This relevant text guides you through major financial subject areas, such as budgeting, saving, getting out of debt, making timely investment choices, and planning for the future. By looking at all aspects of your financial wellbeing, you can pinpoint the areas in which you need to change your strategy, and can identify how you can use the assets you have to continue to grow and protect your wealth. Personal finance is an important topic, as your financial wellbeing has an integral impact on so many aspects of your life. Taking the pulse of your finances every now and then is critical to ensuring that you're on the right track and to identifying the areas in which you can improve your financial strategies. Explore time tested financial tips and advice that help improve your financial wellbeing Consider how different aspects of your financial life work with and against one another, and how to bring them into alignment to enhance your overall financial situation Discover updated recommendations and strategies that account for changing market and economic conditions Look at your financial situation from a new perspective, and understand what you can do to improve it Personal Finance For Dummies, 8th Edition shows you how to take stock of your financial situation and put your money to work."
Personal Finance for Dummies by Eric Tyson Rich Tennant. No description available
Catching Alice by Clare Naylor. No description available
The Dream Giver by Bruce H. Wilkinson David Kopp Heather Harpham Kopp. No description available
"The Giver The Giver 1 by Lois Lowry. A study guide for Lois Lowry's book for young readers, The Giver, which includes discussion questions, vocabulary builders, activities, and other teaching resources."
"The Wish Giver Three Tales of Coven Tree by Bill Brittain Andrew Glass. When a strange little man comes to the Coven Tree Church Social promising he can give people exactly what they ask for, three young believers in magic each make a wish that comes true in the most unexpected way."
"Indian Givers How the Indians of the Americas Transformed the World by Jack Weatherford. An utterly compelling story of how the cultural, social, and political practices of Native Americans transformed the way life is lived throughout the world, with a new introduction by the author As entertaining as it is thoughtful . . . Few contemporary writers have Weatherford s talent for making the deep sweep of history seem vital and immediate. The Washington Post After 500 years, the world s huge debt to the wisdom of the Native Americans has finally been explored in all its vivid drama by anthropologist Jack Weatherford. He traces the crucial contributions made by the Native Americans to our federal system of government, our democratic institutions, modern medicine, agriculture, architecture, and ecology, and in this astonishing, ground breaking book takes a giant step toward recovering a true American history."
"The Last Life by Claire Messud. The Last Life tells the story of the teenage Sagesse LaBasse and her family, French Algerian emigrants haunted by their history, brought to the brink of destruction by a single reckless act. Observed with a fifteen year old s ruthless regard for truth, it is a novel about secrets and ghosts, love and honour, the stories we tell ourselves and the lies to which we cling. It is a work of stunning emotional power, written in prose of matchless iridescence and grace. Powerful, Gripping, dark at its heart, this is an almost faultless novel Evening Standard A joy to read. Messud s prose is lush, incantatory . . . her observations are funnily astute, brimming with wit and imagination . . . as elegant and precise as geometry Independent Mesmerizing . . . Ms Messud has written a large and resonant novel that is as artful as it is affecting New York Times"
"The Hunters by Claire Messud. The new Presidential Agent novel now in paperback. Two brutal murders and millions of missing dollars in the growing UN Iraq oil for food scandal have led Charley Castillo and his team to Uruguay, where the man they seek is murdered right before their eyes. Those responsible have left just enough of a trail for Castillo to pick up the scent and follow it wherever it takes him even if it's not exactly where he expected."
When the World Was Steady by Claire Messud. No description available
"The Sea by John Banville. National Book Award Winner and New York Times Bestseller Explore earth s most precious, mysterious resource the ocean with the author of Silent Spring. With more than one million copies sold, Rachel Carson s The Sea Around Us became a cultural phenomenon when first published in 1951 and cemented Carson s status as the preeminent natural history writer of her time. Her inspiring, intimate writing plumbs the depths of an enigmatic world a place of hidden lands, islands newly risen from the earth s crust, fish that pour through the water, and the unyielding, epic battle for survival. Firmly based in the scientific discoveries of the time, The Sea Around Us masterfully presents Carson s commitment to a healthy planet and a fully realized sense of wonder. This ebook features an illustrated biography of Rachel Carson including rare photos and never before seen documents from the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale University."
"The Book of Evidence The Freddie Montgomery Trilogy 1 by John Banville. John Banville's stunning powers of mimicry are brilliantly on display in this engrossing novel, the darkly compelling confession of an improbable murderer. Freddie Montgomery is a highly cultured man, a husband and father living the life of a dissolute exile on a Mediterranean island. When a debt comes due and his wife and child are held as collateral, he returns to Ireland to secure funds. That pursuit leads to murder. And here is his attempt to present evidence, not of his innocence, but of his life, of the events that lead to the murder he committed because he could. Like a hero out of Nabokov or Camus, Montgomery is a chillingly articulate, self aware, and amoral being, whose humanity is painfully on display."
Athena The Freddie Montgomery Trilogy 3 by John Banville. No description available
"Doctor Copernicus The Revolutions Trilogy 1 by John Banville. The work of Nicholas Koppernigk, better known as Copernicus, shattered the medieval view of the universe and led to the formulation of the image of the solar system we know today. Here his life is powerfully evoked in a novel that offers a vivid portrait of a man of painful reticence, haunted by a malevolent brother and baffled by the conspiracies that rage around him and his ideas while he searches for the secret of life."
"Shroud The Cleave Trilogy 2 by John Banville. Shroud will not be easily surpassed for its combination of wit, moral complexity and compassion. It is hard to see what more a novel could do Irish Times Dark secrets and reality unravel in Shroud, the second of John Banville's three novels to feature Cass Cleave, alongside Eclipse and Ancient Light. Axel Vander, distinguished intellectual and elderly academic, is not the man he seems. When a letter arrives out of the blue, threatening to unveil his secrets and carefully concealed identity Vander travels to Turin to meet its author. There, muddled by age and alcohol, unable always to distinguish fact from fiction, Vander comes face to face with the woman who has the knowledge to unmask him, Cass Cleave. However, her sense of reality is as unreliable as his, and the two are quickly drawn together, their relationship dark, disturbed and doomed to disaster from its very start."
Ghosts by John Banville. No description available
On Beauty by Zadie Smith. No description available
"A Great and Terrible Beauty Gemma Doyle 1 by Libba Bray. The first book in the critically acclaimed New York Times, USA Today, and Publishers Weekly bestselling Gemma Doyle trilogy, the exhilarating and haunting saga from the author of The Diviners series and Going Bovine. It s 1895, and after the suicide of her mother, 16 year old Gemma Doyle is shipped off from the life she knows in India to Spence, a proper boarding school in England. Lonely, guilt ridden, and prone to visions of the future that have an uncomfortable habit of coming true, Gemma s reception there is a chilly one. To make things worse, she s been followed by a mysterious young Indian man, a man sent to watch her. But why? What is her destiny? And what will her entanglement with Spence s most powerful girls and their foray into the spiritual world lead to? A delicious, elegant gothic. PW, Starred Shivery with both passion and terror. Kirkus Reviews Compulsively readable. VOYA A New York Times Bestseller A Publishers Weekly Bestseller A Book Sense Bestseller BBYA ALA YALSA Best Book for Young Adults Iowa High School Book Award Garden State Teen Book Award Pennsylvania Young Reader s Choice Award"
"The Black Book of Hollywood Beauty Secrets by Kym Douglas Cindy Pearlman. We just asked the movie stars how they did it. What did they use? How often? Where did they get it? How can we do it, too? And they told us. We couldn t believe it either. Kym Douglas, host of the Lifetime makeover show Queen and the image consultant on The View, and celebrity journalist Cindy Pearlman had always wanted to know how the A list stars looked so, well, A list. It turns out that even the most carefully guarded stars were more than happy to dish. Collected here, in their own words, celebrities and their beauty gurus reveal their tricks of the trade. How do they reduce puffiness, lose five pounds in a week, put shine in their hair, buff their skin, and vacuum their pores without spending a fortune? Find out from Jennifer Aniston, Catherine Zeta Jones, Lindsay Lohan, Beyonce Knowles, Jennifer Lopez, Elizabeth Hurley, Charlize Theron, and many, many more!"
"Black Beauty by Anna Sewell. First published in 1877, Sewell's novel of animal cruelty, told from the point of view of a horse, had an almost immediate impact on improving the treatment of animals in England."
Truth and Beauty by Ann Patchett. No description available
The Life of Graham Greene Vol. 1 1904 1939 by Norman Sherry. No description available
"Complete Short Stories by Graham Greene Pico Iyer. For deft plotting, riotous inventiveness, unforgettable characters, and language that brilliantly captures the lively rhythms of American speech, no American writer comes close to Mark Twain. This sparkling anthology covers the entire span of Twain s inimitable yarn spinning, from his early broad comedy to the biting satire of his later years. Every one of his sixty stories is here ranging from the frontier humor of The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County, to the bitter vision of humankind in The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg, to the delightful hilarity of Is He Living or Is He Dead? Surging with Twain s ebullient wit and penetrating insight into the follies of human nature, this volume is a vibrant summation of the career of in the words of H. L. Mencken the father of our national literature."
"The Power and the Glory by Graham Greene John Updike. A tormented, alcoholic priest is pursued by an idealistic lieutenant during an anti clerical persecution in Mexico."
The Heart of the Matter by Graham Greene. No description available
"Orient Express by Graham Greene Christopher Hitchens. Agatha Christie's most famous murder mystery, reissued with a striking new cover with special finishes. Just after midnight, a snowdrift stops the Orient Express in its tracks. The luxurious train is surprisingly full for the time of the year, but by the morning it is one passenger fewer. An American tycoon lies dead in his compartment, stabbed a dozen times, his door locked from the inside. Isolated and with a killer in their midst, detective Hercule Poirot must identify the murderer in case he or she decides to strike again."
Journey Without Maps by Graham Greene Paul Theroux. No description available
The Quiet American by Graham Greene Robert Stone. No description available
Collected Short Stories by Graham Greene. No description available
The Third Man The Fallen Idol by Graham Greene. No description available
The Tenth Man by Graham Greene. The story of a man who buys his life in a moment of fear set in wartime occupied France.
"The Autograph Man by Zadie Smith. From the New York Times bestselling author of Swing Time and one of the most revered writers of her generation comes an intelligent ... exquisitely clever novel about fame, mortality, and the triumph of image over reality The Boston Globe . Alex Li Tandem sells autographs. His business is to hunt for names on paper, collect them, sell them, and occasionally fake them all to give the people what they want a little piece of Fame. But what does Alex want? Only the return of his father, the end of religion, something for his headache, three different girls, infinite grace, and the rare autograph of forties movie actress Kitty Alexander. With fries. The Autograph Man is a deeply funny existential tour around the hollow trappings of modernity celebrity, cinema, and the ugly triumph of symbol over experience. It offers further proof that Zadie Smith is one of the most staggeringly talented writers of her generation."
White Teeth by Zadie Smith. No description available
"Stranger than Fiction by Chuck Palahniuk. One of the Washington Post's 50 Best Nonfiction Books of 2024 A New York Times Book Review Editors' Choice Ambitious, intelligent, and happily unpretentious. Louis Menand, The New Yorker Convincing, idiosyncratic and often felicitous. Alexandra Jabobs, The New York Times Book Review A legendary editor's reckoning with the twentieth century novel and the urgent messages it sends. How can we live differently? a young woman urgently demands in Virginia Woolf s novel The Years. It is the 1930s, war and death are in the air, but her question was asked again and again in the course of a century where things changed fast and changed all the time. The century brought world wars, revolutions, automobiles, movies, and the internet, votes for women, death camps. The century brought questions. Novelists in the twentieth century had a question of their own how can we write a novel as startling and unforeseen as the world we live in? Again and again they did, transforming the novel as the century remade the world. Imagine the history of the twentieth century novel recounted with the urgency and intimacy of a novel. That s what Edwin Frank, the legendary editor who has run the New York Review Books publishing imprint since its inception, does in Stranger than Fiction. With penetrating insight and originality, Frank introduces us to books, some famous, some little known, from the whole course of the century and from around the world. Starting with Dostoevsky s Notes from Underground of 1864, Frank shows how its twitchy, self undermining, and never satisfied narrator established a voice that would echo through the coming century. He illuminates the political vision of H.G. Wells s science fiction, Colette and Andre Gide s subversions of traditional gender roles, and Gertrude Stein s untethering of the American sentence. He describes the monumental ambition of books such as Mrs. Dalloway, The Magic Mountain and The Man Without Qualities to rebuild a world of human possibility upon the ruins of World War I and explores how Japan s Natsume S seki and Nigeria s Chinua Achebe broke open European models to reflect their own, distinct histories and experience. Here too are Vasily Grossman, Anna Banti, and Elsa Morante reckoning in specific ways with the traumas of World War II, while later chapters range from Marguerite Yourcenar and V. S. Naipaul to Gabriel Garc a Marquez and W.G. Sebald. The story as a whole is one of fearless, often reckless exploration, as well as unfathomable desolation. Throughout, we discover the power of the novel to reinvent itself, to find a way for itself, to live differently. Stranger than Fiction offers a new vision of the history and art of the novel and of a dark and dazzling time in whose light and shadow we still stand."
Great Short Works of Herman Melville by Herman Melville Warner Berthoff. No description available
Selected Poems of Herman Melville by Herman Melville Robert Penn Warren. No description available
Redburn White Jacket Moby Dick by Herman Melville G. Thomas Tanselle. No description available
Pierre Israel Potter The Piazza Tales The Confidence Man Uncollected Prose Billy Budd by Herman Melville Harrison Hayford. No description available
Redburn by Herman Melville Harold Beaver. No description available
Typee Omoo Mardi by Herman Melville G. Thomas Tanselle. No description available
"Harriet Spies Again Harriet the Spy Adventures 1 by Helen Ericson. Harriet is impressed to learn that the girl she has befriended, now called Annie Smith, is the person who not only created three names Rosarita Sauvage, Yolanda Montezuma, and Zoe Carpaccio but also three distinct personalities to match. This girl has potential. Being a spy has always been rather solitary, so Harriet is glad to have a new friend and spy partner. But then Harriet realizes that Annie reveals very little about herself, and indeed, is not telling the truth about where she goes and who she meets on the weekend. Sport says he s in love with the girl, but Annie lets drop she s in love with an older man. Harriet can t understand anything at all about this thing called love even when she asks Ole Golly for advice, she still wonders. But as Harriet unravels Annie s mystery, she comes to appreciate the many different kinds of love there are. Praise for Harriet the Spy and Her Friends Harriet the Spy Harriet is . . . wholly relatable whether you re eleven or several times that age. EW.com Harriet Spies Again By Louise Fitzhugh and Helen Ericson Winner of the Edgar Award for Best Juvenile Novel Ericson has perfectly captured the voice and pacing of Fitzhugh s original novel in a seamless rendering of a fresh, enjoyable story for today s readers. School Library Journal Harriet the Spy, Double Agent By Louise Fitzhugh and Maya Gold Harriet the Spy is back, and Gold does a credible job of maintaining the special character and her crusty charm. Booklist The Long Secret STAR Written with subtlety, compassion, and Louise Fitzhugh s remarkable ability to see inside the minds of children. School Library Journal, Starred Sport STAR A worthy successor to Harriet the Spy and that is high tribute. Booklist, Starred"
Harriet the Spy Double Agent Harriet the Spy Adventures by Maya Gold. No description available
"Moonraker James Bond 3 by Ian Fleming. The third James Bond novel. It is set in England, specifically the county of Kent. It features a rocket The Moonraker , a fine villain Sir Hugo Drax , a famous game of bridge, and much else. Reprint"
Moonraker's Bride by Madeleine Brent. No description available
Dr No Moonraker Thunderball From Russia with Love On Her Majesty's Secret Service Goldfinger by Ian Fleming. No description available
"Casino Royale James Bond 1 by Ian Fleming. Ian Fleming's literary debut of British Secret Service agent 007 is stylishly adapted to the sequential art medium by Van Jensen and Matt Southworth in the official James Bond Casino Royale graphic novel. Sent to a French casino in Royale les Eaux, Bond aims to eliminate the threat of the deadly Le Chiffre by bankrupting the ruthless SMERSH operative at the baccarat table. However, when the luck of the draw favors his enemy, 007 becomes the target of assassins and torturers in a high stakes game of cat and mouse."
"Goldfinger James Bond 7 by Ian Fleming. JAMES BOND MUST STOP A GOLD OBSESSED MILLIONAIRE AND THE HEIST OF THE CENTURY Auric Goldfinger is the richest man in England though his wealth can t be found in banks. He s been hoarding vast stockpiles of his namesake metal, and it has attracted the suspicion of Bond s superiors at MI6. Sent to investigate, Bond uncovers an ingenious gold smuggling scheme, as well as Goldfinger s most daring caper yet Operation Grand Slam, a heist so audacious it could bring down the world economy and put the fate of the West in the hands of SMERSH. Only 007 can stop the enigmatic millionaire and his murderous mania for gold."
On Her Majesty's Secret Service James Bond 11 by Ian Fleming. No description available
Octopussy the Living Daylights James Bond 14 by Ian Fleming. No description available
Book of Sketches by Jack Kerouac George Condo. No description available
The Dharma Bums by Jack Kerouac. No description available
"Book of Haikus by Jack Kerouac. A compact collection of more than 500 poems from Jack Kerouac that reveal a lesser known but important side of his literary legacy Above all, a haiku must be very simple and free of all poetic trickery and make a little picture and yet be as airy and graceful as a Vivaldi pastorella. Jack Kerouac Renowned for his groundbreaking Beat Generation novel On the Road, Jack Kerouac was also a master of the haiku, the three line, seventeen syllable Japanese poetic form. Following the tradition of Basho, Buson, Shiki, Issa, and other poets, Kerouac experimented with this centuries old genre, taking it beyond strict syllable counts into what he believed was the form s essence. He incorporated his American haiku in novels and in his correspondence, notebooks, journals, sketchbooks, and recordings. In Book of Haikus, Kerouac scholar Regina Weinreich has supplemented a core haiku manuscript from Kerouac s archives with a generous selection of the rest of his haiku, from both published and unpublished sources."
The Subterraneans by Jack Kerouac. No description available
Ballet Shoes by Noel Streatfeild. No description available
"Theater Shoes Shoes 4 by Noel Streatfeild Diane Goode. A beautiful gift edition of the beloved classic about three orphan siblings and their love of music, theater, and dance. When orphans Sorrel, Mark, and Holly are sent to live with their grandmother, a famous English actress, she enrolls them in the Children's Academy of Dancing and Stage Training, the same Academy that made the orphans from Ballet Shoes famous so long ago. It's the chance of a lifetime, but the Academy won't give the children the proper education their parents would have wanted. However, the children learn to love the Academy when they find out that Sorrel has dramatic flair, Mark can sing, and Holly charms everyone with her adorable impish ways. Maybe talent does run in the family. This classic children's book is perfect for kids who dream of being on stage dancing, singing, or acting. Don't miss the other classic Noel Streatfeild books, Ballet Shoes, Skating Shoes, and Dancing Shoes!"
"Movie Shoes Shoes 6 by Noel Streatfeild. For the first time ever in the United States, the Shoes books are available as ebooks! Go behind the scenes of a movie in this beloved classic! Life is tough for the Winter family in London, with little money and Dad out of work. Luckily, Aunt Cora comes to the rescue with an invitation to live in California. From that moment on, talented Rachel and Tim dream of stardom in America. The family couldn't be more surprised when a movie producer picks plain, peevish Jane for the lead role of Mary in The Secret Garden. No one's ever noticed Jane before. Could this be the chance of a lifetime? Noel Streatfeild's Shoes books are some of the most popular of the thirty eight books she wrote for children."
Party Shoes Shoes 5 by Noel Streatfeild. No description available
Thursday's Child Margaret Thursday 1 by Noel Streatfeild. No description available
Miss Happiness and Miss Flower by Rumer Godden Gary Blythe. No description available
The River by Rumer Godden. No description available
"The Dolls' House by Rumer Godden Christian Birmingham. Tottie is a loving little wooden doll who lives with her family in a shoebox. The doll family is owned by two sisters, Emily and Charlotte, and they are very happy, except for one thing they long for a proper home. To their delight, their wish comes true when Emily and Charlotte fix up a Victorian dolls' house just for them. It's perfect. But then a new arrival starts to wreak havoc in the dolls' house. For Marchpane might be a wonderfully beautiful doll, but she is also terribly cruel. And she always gets her own way . . . First published in 1947, Rumer Godden's classic The Dolls' House has been delighting children for years, and this beautiful edition, illustrated by Jane Ray, will delight future generations for years to come."
China Court The Hours of a Country House by Rumer Godden. No description available
Rumer Godden by Anne Chisholm. No description available
The Corrections by Jonathan Franzen. No description available
Creative Correction Extraordinary Ideas For Everyday Discipline by Lisa Whelchel Stormie Omartian. No description available
"Original Sin Adam Dalgliesh 9 by P.D. James. Adam Dalgliesh takes on a baffling murder in the rarefied world of London book publishing in this masterful mystery from one of our finest novelists. Part of the bestselling mystery series that inspired Dalgliesh on Acorn TV Commander Adam Dalgliesh and his team are confronted with a puzzle of impenetrable complexity. A murder has taken place in the offices of the Peverell Press, a venerable London publishing house located in a dramatic mock Venetian palace on the Thames. The victim is Gerard Etienne, the brilliant but ruthless new managing director, who had vowed to restore the firm's fortunes. Etienne was clearly a man with enemies a discarded mistress, a rejected and humiliated author, and rebellious colleagues, one of who apparently killed herself a short time earlier. Yet Etienne's death, which occurred under bizarre circumstances, is for Dalgliesh only the beginning of the mystery, as he desperately pursues the search for a killer prepared to strike and strike again."
Original Sin Illuminating the Riddle by Henri Blocher. No description available
"An Original Sin by Nina Bangs. The Christian doctrines of original sin and the historical fall of Adam have been in retreat since the rise of modernity. Here leading scholars present a theological, biblical, and scientific case for the necessity of belief in original sin and the historicity of Adam and Eve in response to contemporary challenges. Representing various Christian traditions, the contributors shed light on recent debates as they present the traditional doctrine of original sin as orthodox, evangelical, and the most theologically mature and cogent synthesis of the biblical witness. This fresh look at a heated topic in evangelical circles will appeal to professors, students, and readers interested in the creation evolution debate."
Aliens Original Sin by Michael Jan Friedman. No description available
"Death in Holy Orders Adam Dalgliesh 11 by P.D. James Christa Seibicke. The untimely death of a young priest in training draws Commander Adam Dalgliesh back to East Anglia to investigate at the request of the young man's father, as Dalgliesh finds himself drawn into a complex and violent mystery."
"The Lighthouse Adam Dalgliesh 13 by P.D. James. Combe Island off the Cornish coast has a bloodstained history of piracy and cruelty but now, privately owned, it offers respite to over stressed men and women in positions of high authority who require privacy and guaranteed security. But the peace of Combe is violated when one of the distinguished visitors is bizarrely murdered. Commander Adam Dalgliesh is called in to solve the mystery quickly and discreetly, but at a difficult time for him and his depleted team. Dalgliesh is uncertain about his future with Emma Lavenham, the woman he loves Detective Inspector Kate Miskin has her own emotional problems and the ambitious Sergeant Francis Benton Smith is worried about working under Kate. Hardly has the team begun to unravel the complicated motives of the suspects than there is a second brutal killing, and the whole investigation is jeopardized when Dalgliesh is faced with a danger more insidious and as potentially fatal as murder."
"Unnatural Causes Adam Dalgliesh 3 by P.D. James. THE MULTIMILLION COPY BESTSELLING ADAM DALGLIESH SERIES FROM THE 'QUEEN OF ENGLISH CRIME' Guardian 'A legend.' VAL MCDERMID 'P. D. James took the classic crime novel and turned up the dial.' MICK HERRON 'The most ingeniously undetectable murder method since Dorothy L. Sayers.' SCOTSMAN PERFECT FOR FANS OF VAL MCDERMID, RUTH RENDELL AND ELLY GRIFFITHS An unfinished manuscript. A murder stranger than fiction. Battered by the conclusion of a particularly brutal murder case in London, Superintendent Adam Dalgliesh has escaped for a hard earned break, which he plans to spend taking long walks with his aunt and doing a little bird watching in the Suffolk countryside. But all hope of peace is shattered by murder, when the mutilated body of local crime writer Maurice Seaton is discovered floating in a dinghy near Dalgliesh's rural idyll. Faced with such a macabre crime, Dalgliesh feels compelled to join the investigation but as he delves into the dead man's secrets, the case seems poised to take another murderous turn . . . 'Cleverly plotted . . . full of telling detail.' Edmund Crispin, Sunday Times 'Wonderful evocative writing a thriller of the highest calibre. Just loved this book and would recommend to anyone who enjoys superbly crafted detective fiction.' 5 reader review 'A very engrossing whodunit with a real sense of location and character. It left me wanting to visit Suffolk and hear a wind coming off the sea, so fierce that you cannot stand upright against it . . . Thoroughly enjoyable.' 5 reader review Now a major Channel 5 series READERS LOVE THE ADAM DALGLEISH SERIES 'Adam Dalgleish is one of the best characters in modern detective fiction.' 5 reader review 'If you are not already an Adam Dalgliesh fan, I urge you to become one . . . James can describe a scene or delineate a character with precision and depth, like no other writer I have read . . . I usually stay up all night to read a P. D. James novel once I start one.' 5 reader review 'I would never give less than 5 stars to any P. D. James book. She is one of a kind, always constant, always wonderful writing, always great characters, and always a good mystery that you cannot put down.' 5 reader review 'P.D. James writes mysteries for ordinary people. Her characters are relatable and her hero is dynamic. But don't expect cell phones or computers. Her stories are strictly old school, which is what I love about them.' 5 reader review 'Crime writing at its very best!' 5 reader review PRAISE FOR P. D. JAMES 'P. D. James is the cr me de la cr me of crime writers. Her books are shrewd puzzles, full of wit and depth.' IAN RANKIN 'Nobody can put the reader in the eye of the storm quite like P. D. James.' SUNDAY EXPRESS 'One of the literary greats. Her sense of place was exquisite, characterisation and plotting unrivalled.' MARI HANNAH 'James manages a depth and intelligence that few in her trade can match.' THE TIMES 'There are very few thriller writers who can compete with P. D. James at her best.' SPECTATOR 'The queen of English crime.' GUARDIAN"
"Death of an Expert Witness Adam Dalgliesh 6 by P.D. James. Dr. Lorrimer appeared to be the picture of a bloodless, coldly efficient scientist. Only when his brutally slain body is discovered and his secret past dissected does the image begin to change. Once again, Chief Inspector Adam Dalgliesh learns that there is more to human beings than meets the eye and more to solving a murder than the obvious clues."
"A Mind To Murder Adam Dalgliesh 2 by P.D. James. The second book to feature Scotland Yard investigator Adam Dalgliesh, A Mind To Murder is a superbly satisfying mystery Chicago Daily News from bestselling author P.D. James. On the surface, the Steen Psychiatric Clinic is one of the most reputable institutions in London. But when the administrative head is found dead with a chisel in her heart, that distinguished facade begins to crumble as the truth emerges. Superintendent Adam Dalgliesh of Scotland Yard is called in to investigate and quickly finds himself caught in a whirlwind of psychiatry, drugs, and deceit. Now he must analyze the deep seated anxieties and thwarted desires of patients and staff alike to determine which of their unresolved conflicts has resulted in murder and stop a cunning killer before the next blow."
"A Taste for Death Adam Dalgliesh 7 by P.D. James. Two men lie dead in the vestry of a London church, their throats cut with brutal precision. One is Sir Paul Berowne, rich, cultivated and elegant the other is an alcoholic vagrant. Challenged with the investigation of a crime that appears to have endless motives, Adam Dalgliesh explores the sinister web spun around a half burnt diary and a violet eyed widow who is pregnant and full of malice all the while hoping to fill the gap of logic that joined these two disparate men in death..."
"Time To Be In Earnest A Fragment Of Autobiography by P.D. James. On the day she turned seventy seven, internationally acclaimed mystery writer P. D. James embarked on an endeavor unlike any other in her distinguished career she decided to write a personal memoir in the form of a diary. Over the course of a year she set down not only the events and impressions of her extraordinarily active life, but also the memories, joys, discoveries, and crises of a lifetime. This enchantingly original volume is the result. Time to Be in Earnest offers an intimate portrait of one of most accomplished women of our time. Here are vivid, revealing accounts of her school days in Cambridge in the 1920s and '30s, her happy marriage and the tragedy of her husband's mental illness, and the thrill of publishing her first novel, Cover Her Face, in 1962. As she recounts the decades of her exceptional life, James holds forth with wit and candor on such diverse subjects as the evolution of the detective novel, her deep love of the English countryside, her views of author tours and television adaptations, and her life long obsession with Jane Austen. Wise and frank, engaging and graceful, this fragment of autobiography will delight and surprise P. D. James's admirers the world over."
"Cover Her Face Adam Dalgliesh 1 by P.D. James. The first in the series of scintillating mysteries to feature cunning Scotland Yard detective, Adam Dalgliesh from P.D. James, the bestselling author hailed by People magazine as the greatest living mystery writer. Sally Jupp was a sly and sensuous young woman who used her body and her brains to make her way up the social ladder. Now she lies across her bed with dark bruises from a strangler s fingers forever marring her lily white throat. Someone has decided that the wages of sin should be death...and it is up to Chief Inspector Adam Dalgliesh to find who that someone is. Cover Her Face is P.D. James delightful debut novel, an ingeniously plotted mystery that immediately placed her among the masters of suspense."
"The Black Tower Adam Dalgliesh 5 by P.D. James. Just recovered from a grave illness, Commander Adam Dalgliesh is called to the bedside of an elderly priest. When Dalgliesh arrives, Father Baddeley is dead. Is it merely his own brush with mortality that causes Dalgliesh to sense the shadow of death about to fall once more? Splendid, macabre, wrote the London Sunday Telegraph. The Black Tower is a masterpiece, the London Sunday Times concurred."
Innocent Blood by P.D. James. No description available
Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra Edith Grossman Harold Bloom. No description available
"Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra John Rutherford Roberto Gonz lez Echevarr a. Nominated as one of America s best loved novels by PBS s The Great American Read Don Quixote has become so entranced reading tales of chivalry that he decides to turn knight errant himself. In the company of his faithful squire, Sancho Panza, these exploits blossom in all sorts of wonderful ways. While Quixote's fancy often leads him astray he tilts at windmills, imagining them to be giants Sancho acquires cunning and a certain sagacity. Sane madman and wise fool, they roam the world together and together they have haunted readers' imaginations for nearly four hundred years. With its experimental form and literary playfulness, Don Quixote has been generally recognized as the first modern novel. This Penguin Classics edition, with its beautiful new cover design, includes John Rutherford's masterly translation, which does full justice to the energy and wit of Cervantes's prose, as well as a brilliant critical introduction by Roberto Gonzalez Echevarri ."
"Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra Walter Starkie. Nominated as one of America s best loved novels by PBS s The Great American Read Don Quixote has become so entranced reading tales of chivalry that he decides to turn knight errant himself. In the company of his faithful squire, Sancho Panza, these exploits blossom in all sorts of wonderful ways. While Quixote's fancy often leads him astray he tilts at windmills, imagining them to be giants Sancho acquires cunning and a certain sagacity. Sane madman and wise fool, they roam the world together and together they have haunted readers' imaginations for nearly four hundred years. With its experimental form and literary playfulness, Don Quixote has been generally recognized as the first modern novel. This Penguin Classics edition, with its beautiful new cover design, includes John Rutherford's masterly translation, which does full justice to the energy and wit of Cervantes's prose, as well as a brilliant critical introduction by Roberto Gonzalez Echevarri ."
Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra Tobias Smollett Carlos Fuentes. No description available
Lectures on Don Quixote by Vladimir Nabokov Fredson Bowers Guy Davenport Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra Samuel Putnam. No description available
"Cliffs Notes on Cervantes' Don Quixote by Marianne Sturman. A comprehensive study guide offering in depth explanation, essay, and test prep for Miguel de Cervantes s Don Quixote, one of the most widely read texts from Spanish literature. As a novel of chivalry from Spain in the mid sixteenth century, Don Quixote is a by product of Renaissance idealism and the trend to narrate the extraordinary adventures of knights errant. Moreover, critics have argued about the satirical nature of the book, wondering if its intent was to parody chivalrous novels from the years before. This Bright Notes Study Guide explores the context and history of Cervantes s classic work, helping students to thoroughly explore the reasons it has stood the literary test of time. Each Bright Notes Study Guide contains Introductions to the Author and the Work Character Summaries Plot Guides Section and Chapter Overviews Test Essay and Study Q As The Bright Notes Study Guide series offers an in depth tour of more than 275 classic works of literature, exploring characters, critical commentary, historical background, plots, and themes. This set of study guides encourages readers to dig deeper in their understanding by including essay questions and answers as well as topics for further research."
"Desert Heat Joanna Brady 1 by J.A. Jance. A cop lies dying beneath the blistering Arizona sun?a local lawman who may well have become the next sheriff of Cochise County. The police brass claim that Andy Brady was dirty, and that his shooting was a suicide attempt. Joanna Brady, his devoted wife and mother of their nine year old daughter, knows a cover up when she hears one ... and murder when she sees it. But her determined efforts to hunt down an assassin and clear her husband's name are placing Joanna and her surviving family in harm's way?because in the desert, the one thing more lethal than a rattler's bite ... is the truth. Google books."
"Kentucky Heat by Fern Michaels. Second in the trilogy that brings readers into the turbulent lives of a bluegrass country horseracing clan from the 1 bestselling author of Kentucky Rich. The powerful series that reunites the beloved Coleman and Thornton families continues with the story of Nealy Coleman Diamond. With her, horses come first. So when her two grown children s irresponsible acts nearly cost her Shufly, the foal that carries all her hopes for the Triple Crown, she throws them both off Blue Diamond Farm, a decision that changes their future and her own. When Hatch Littletree, her ex husband s law partner, pays an unexpected visit, he brings Nealy much needed comfort. But he also brings turmoil. A tough Native American and a brilliant attorney, Hatch is determined to see Nealy heal the painful rift with her children. He s also a man Nealy cannot resist. Raw with emotion, and yet filled with an unstoppable energy, Nealy will face bitter disappointments, exhilarating triumphs, and a night of bloodcurdling terror one that could mean the end of her dreams . . . and maybe her life. In Kentucky Heat Fern Michaels keeps readers enthralled, as the power of a woman s indomitable spirit leaps off the page . . . and rushes like a thoroughbred toward a finish you will never forget. Kentucky Sunrise Praise for the Kentucky Trilogy Prose so natural that it seems you are witnessing a story rather than reading about it. Los Angeles Sunday Times Fun . . . more plot twists than a soap opera, and will keep readers on tenterhooks for the next in the series. Booklist"
Heat Wave A Social Autopsy of Disaster in Chicago by Eric Klinenberg. No description available
Texas Heat Texas 2 by Fern Michaels. No description available
"Primal Heat Includes Breeds 8.5 Devlin Dynasty 1 Moon Lust 1 by Lora Leigh Sherri L. King Lorie O'Clare Jaci Burton. As Prime of his vampire Family, Mathias Bridger is sworn to protect his own kind at any cost, but years of acting as a fierce guardian of his people have left him yearning for more out of life. His chance comes in the form of Phillipa Elliot, the beautiful police officer whose allure hasn't dimmed in the two years since they had a brief, torrid affair. And although she's involved with someone else now, Phillipa can't deny the feeling that Matt is her destiny. When the Family comes under attack from fanatical vampire hunters, Matt uncovers treachery that shatters his world. So how can he possibly invite Phillipa into it? Fighting to protect his kin, he tries to push Phillipa away to the safety of her mortal life but he aches for her, and his will is no match for their all consuming passion..."
"Heat and Dust by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala. Booker Prize Winner A superb . . . moving and profound novel from the two time Academy Award winning screenwriter of A Room with a View and Howard s End The Times Reminiscent of E.M. Forster s A Passage to India, this stunning love story intertwines the narratives of two women one in the 1920s, one in the 1970s and their relationship to India. Partly set in colonial India during the 1920s, Heat and Dust tells the story of Olivia, a beautiful woman suffocated by the propriety and social constraints of her position as the wife of an important English civil servant. Longing for passion and independence, Olivia is drawn into the spell of the Nawab, a minor Indian prince deeply involved in gang raids and criminal plots. She is intrigued by the Nawab s charm and aggressive courtship, and soon begins to spend most of her days in his company. But then she becomes pregnant, and unsure of the child's paternity, she is faced with a wrenching dilemma. Her reaction to the crisis humiliates her husband and outrages the British community, breeding a scandal that lives in collective memory long after her death."
Holy Cow An Indian Adventure by Sarah Macdonald. No description available
Holy Cows and Hog Heaven The Food Buyer's Guide to Farm Friendly Food by Joel Salatin Michael Pollan. No description available
The History of Love by Nicole Krauss. No description available
A Brief History of Time by Stephen Hawking. No description available
The Politically Incorrect Guide to American History by Thomas E. Woods Jr.. No description available
A History of the World in 6 Glasses by Tom Standage. No description available
"A History of God The 4 000 Year Quest of Judaism Christianity and Islam by Karen Armstrong. Why does God exist? How have the three dominant monotheistic religions Judaism, Christianity, and Islam shaped and altered the conception of God? How have these religions influenced each other? In this stunningly intelligent book, Karen Armstrong, one of Britain's foremost commentators on religious affairs, traces the history of how men and women have perceived and experienced God, from the time of Abraham to the present. The epic story begins with the Jews' gradual transformation of pagan idol worship in Babylon into true monotheism a concept previously unknown in the world. Christianity and Islam both rose on the foundation of this revolutionary idea, but these religions refashioned 'the One God' to suit the social and political needs of their followers. From classical philosophy and medieval mysticism to the Reformation, Karen Armstrong performs the near miracle of distilling the intellectual history of monotheism into one superbly readable volume, destined to take its place as a classic. Praise for History of God An admirable and impressive work of synthesis that will give insight and satisfaction to thousands of lay readers. The Washington Post Book World A brilliantly lucid, spendidly readable book. Karen Armstrong has a dazzling ability she can take a long and complex subject and reduce it to the fundamentals, without oversimplifying. The Sunday Times London Absorbing . . . A lode of learning. Time The most fascinating and learned study of the biggest wild goose chase in history the quest for God. Karen Armstrong is a genius. A.N. Wilson, author of Jesus A Life"
"The Sun Also Rises by Ernest Hemingway William Hurt. The illustrated edition of Ernest Hemingway's first novel. The Sun Also Rises is a 1926 novel by American writer Ernest Hemingway, his first, that portrays American and British expatriates who travel from Paris to the Festival of San Ferm n in Pamplona to watch the running of the bulls and the bullfights. An early and enduring modernist novel, it received mixed reviews upon publication. However, Hemingway biographer Jeffrey Meyers writes that it is now recognized as Hemingway's greatest work , and Hemingway scholar Linda Wagner Martin calls it his most important novel. The novel was published in the United States in October 1926 by Scribner's. A year later, Jonathan Cape published the novel in London under the title Fiesta. It remains in print. The novel is a roman clef the characters are based on real people in Hemingway's circle, and the action is based on real events, particularly Hemingway's life in Paris in the 1920s and a trip to Spain in 1925 for the Pamplona festival and fishing in the Pyrenees. Hemingway presents his notion that the Lost Generation considered to have been decadent, dissolute, and irretrievably damaged by World War I was in fact resilient and strong. Hemingway investigates the themes of love and death, the revivifying power of nature, and the concept of masculinity. His spare writing style, combined with his restrained use of description to convey characterizations and action, demonstrates his Iceberg Theory of writing. Plot summary On the surface, the novel is a love story between the protagonist Jake Barnes a man whose war wound has made him unable to have sex and the promiscuous divorc e Lady Brett Ashley. Jake is an expatriate American journalist living in Paris, while Brett is a twice divorced Englishwoman with bobbed hair and numerous love affairs, and embodies the new sexual freedom of the 1920s. Brett's affair with Jake's college friend Robert Cohn causes Jake to be upset and break off his friendship with Robert her seduction of the 19 year old matador Romero causes Jake to lose his good reputation among the Spaniards in Pamplona. Book One is set in the caf society of young American expatriates in Paris. In the opening scenes, Jake plays tennis with Robert, picks up a prostitute Georgette , and runs into Brett and Count Mippipopolous in a nightclub. Later, Brett tells Jake she loves him, but they both know that they have no chance at a stable relationship. In Book Two, Jake is joined by Bill Gorton, recently arrived from New York, and Brett's fianc Mike Campbell, who arrives from Scotland. Jake and Bill travel south and meet Robert at Bayonne for a fishing trip in the hills northeast of Pamplona. Instead of fishing, Robert stays in Pamplona to wait for the overdue Brett and Mike. Robert had an affair with Brett a few weeks earlier and still feels possessive of her despite her engagement to Mike. After Jake and Bill enjoy five days of fishing the streams near Burguete, they rejoin the group in Pamplona. All begin to drink heavily. Robert is resented by the others, who taunt him with antisemitic remarks. During the fiesta the characters drink, eat, watch the running of the bulls, attend bullfights, and bicker with each other. Jake introduces Brett to the 19 year old matador Romero at the Hotel Montoya she is smitten with him and seduces him."
"The Bon Appetit Cookbook by Barbara Fairchild. A comprehensive cooking compendium from America's leading food and entertaining magazine, Bon app tit, selects more than 1,200 of the periodical's best loved recipes for every meal, taste, budget, and occasion."
"The Barefoot Contessa Cookbook by Ina Garten Melanie Acevedo. Ina Garten celebrates the 25th anniversary of her first cookbook with a special anniversary edition. The Barefoot Contessa Cookbook is the book that kicked off America s obsession and love for Ina Garten. When it was originally published, Ina was known for the delicious food she prepared at her gourmet shop in the Hamptons, called The Barefoot Contessa. After running it for more than twenty years, Ina sold her shop and decided to try her hand at writing a cookbook. The Barefoot Contessa Cookbook was born. Packed with fabulous, easy recipes that won her a loyal following, this instant classic includes time honored favorites like Ina s Perfect Roast Chicken, a creamy French Potato Salad, and irresistibly fluffy Coconut Cupcakes. Ina reveals her secrets for entertaining with ease and style, sharing plenty of make ahead tips for to take the stress out of having people over. Crab Cakes with R moulade Sauce can be stored overnight in the refrigerator and saut ed just before the guests arrive. Cheddar Corn Chowder can be made days ahead, reheated, and served with a salad and bread for a delicious autumn lunch. The batter for the Raspberry Corn Muffins can be mixed a day before and popped into the oven just before breakfast. Featuring a new jacketed cover, a new foreword from Ina, and updated recipes, this twenty fifth anniversary edition is a must have cookbook for Ina fans, whether they ve been collecting her cookbooks and watching her shows for decades or they re discovering The Barefoot Contessa Cookbook for the first time."
Into a Paris Quartier Reine Margot's Chapel and Other Haunts of St. Germain by Diane Johnson. Looks at the history of the Paris neighborhood of St. Germain and its many notable inhabitants and haunts.
Sylvia by Leonard Michaels Diane Johnson. The lovesless marriage of a coquette Hanna 3245.
"The Life Of Dashiell Hammett by Diane Johnson. The legend of Dashiell Hammett, the former Pinkerton detective who reinvented the mystery story in five books written between 1929 and 1934, is carefully examined here by Richard Layman in a meticulously factual account of all that is likely to be known about the real Continental Op. This unsentimental account of Hammett from his rural Maryland youth through the Pinkerton years in San Francisco, fame as a novelist, notoriety as a Hollywood screen writer, imprisonment as an uncooperative McCarthy committee witness, and an obscure death in 1961 highlights the facts while accenting the shadow on which the legend would be built. Book jacket."
Divorcio a la Francesa Le Divorce by Diane Johnson Carlos Milla Soler Roberto Fernandez Sastre. No description available
London is the Best City in America by Laura Dave. No description available
"Hyperion Los Cantos de Hyperion 1 by Dan Simmons Carlos Alberto Gardini. A stunning tour de force filled with transcendent awe and wonder, Hyperion is a masterwork of science fiction that resonates with excitement and invention, the first volume in a remarkable epic by the multiple award winning author of The Hollow Man. On the world called Hyperion, beyond the reach of galactic law, waits a creature called the Shrike. There are those who worship it. There are those who fear it. And there are those who have vowed to destroy it. In the Valley of the Time Tombs, where huge, brooding structures move backward through time, the Shrike waits for them all. On the eve of Armageddon, with the entire galaxy at war, seven pilgrims set forth on a final voyage to Hyperion seeking the answers to the unsolved riddles of their lives. Each carries a desperate hope and a terrible secret. And one may hold the fate of humanity in his hands. Praise for Dan Simmons and Hyperion Dan Simmons has brilliantly conceptualized a future 700 years distant. In sheer scope and complexity it matches, and perhaps even surpasses, those of Isaac Asimov and James Blish. The Washington Post Book World An unfailingly inventive narrative . . . generously conceived and stylistically sure handed. The New York Times Book Review Simmons s own genius transforms space opera into a new kind of poetry. The Denver Post An essential part of any science fiction collection. Booklist"
The Fall of Hyperion Hyperion Cantos 2 by Dan Simmons. Eight centuries from now long after the Big Mistake and the death of Old Earth humanity is again on the brink of war. Galactic war this time.
Supreme Power Hyperion by J. Michael Straczynski Dan Jurgens. No description available
"Die Hyperion Ges nge by Dan Simmons Joachim K rber. Auf den Spuren der Zeit In den Weiten des Alls hat sich die Menschheit ber unz hlige Sonnensysteme ausgebreitet. W hrend technischer Fortschritt und Dekadenz Unm gliches wahr machen, suchen sechs Menschen Antwort auf die gr te aller Fragen Was ist das Leben, was ist der Tod? Dazu begeben sie sich auf eine Pilgerfahrt nach Hyperion, wo das Shrike herrscht, ein r tselhaftes, halb organisches, halb mechanisches Wesen, der Inbegriff von Schmerz und Qual. Es bewacht die Zeitgr ber, und genau dort erf llt sich das Schicksal der Pilger und der Menschheit in der Zukunft. Das Buch enth lt die beiden Romane Hyperion und Der Sturz von Hyperion ."
La Chute d'Hyp rion II by Dan Simmons Guy Abadia. No description available
Endymion by Dan Simmons Guy Abadia. No description available
Olympos Ilium 2 by Dan Simmons. Science fiction roman.
Ilium Ilium 1 by Dan Simmons. No description available
"The Terror by Dan Simmons. The bestselling novel, a brilliant, massive combination of history and supernatural horror Stephen King , now a major TV series. The men on board the HMS Terror have every expectation of finding the Northwest Passage. But what they don't expect is a monstrous predator lurking behind the Arctic ice. When the expedition's leader, Sir John Franklin, meets a horrifying end, Captain Francis Crozier takes command, leading his surviving crewmen on a last desperate attempt to flee south across the ice. But another winter is rapidly approaching, and with it, scurvy and starvation. Crozier and his men may find that there is no escaping the terror stalking them southward. And with the crushing cold and the fear of almost certain death at their backs, the most horrifying monster among them may be each other."
"Worlds Enough Time Five Tales of Speculative Fiction by Dan Simmons. By the author of The Forever War In the decades following the ultimate conflict, the last remnants of humanity face extinction on a doomed voyage to a new home in the stars, in the momentous conclusion to Joe Haldeman s acclaimed Worlds saga The Earth is no more, an uninhabitable shell following the one day war that obliterated the population. In the decades that followed, the surviving Worlds orbiting the dead planet have become the last refuge of humankind. With the discovery of a possibly habitable planet in a distant star system, ten thousand brave colonists are preparing to depart from New New York aboard the interstellar vessel Newhome. Among them is Marianne O Hara, who will ultimately control the fate of what remains of the human race. The momentous voyage is plagued from the start by ignorance and sabotage, and by the dark tenets of a nihilistic religion dedicated to ultimate destruction. But despite the many trials and tragedies, the spacefarers and particularly Marianne and her loved ones will be forced to endure. There is no turning back once the journey begins . . . for soon there will be nowhere left to return to. With Worlds Enough and Time, Hugo and Nebula Award winning author Joe Haldeman completes his magnificent story of humankind s destruction and rebirth, capping off his acclaimed trilogy with a truly transcendent tale of destiny, courage, selflessness, dedication, and the resilience of humankind. This ebook features an illustrated biography of Joe Haldeman including rare images from the author s personal collection."
"Hard Freeze Joe Kurtz 2 by Dan Simmons. Kurtz must face the wrath of Little Skag Farino, the local Mafia don, and his vengeful sister Angelina while trying to track down a serial killer."
"Endymion Hyperion Cantos 3 by Dan Simmons. The multiple award winning science fiction master returns to the universe that is his greatest triumph the world of Hyperion and The Fall of Hyperion with a novel even more magnificent than its predecessors. Dan Simmons's Hyperion was an immediate sensation on its first publication in 1989. This staggering multifaceted tale of the far future heralded the conquest of the science fiction field by a man who had already won the World Fantasy Award for his first novel Song of Kali and had also published one of the most well received horror novels in the field, Carrion Comfort. Hyperion went on to win the Hugo Award as Best Novel, and it and its companion volume, The Fall of Hyperion, took their rightful places in the science fiction pantheon of new classics. Now, six years later, Simmons returns to this richly imagined world of technological achievement, excitement, wonder and fear. Endymion is a story about love and memory, triumph and terror an instant candidate for the field's highest honors."
"A Winter Haunting Seasons of Horror 2 by Dan Simmons. A once respected college professor and novelist, Dale Stewart has sabotaged his career and his marriage and now darkness is closing in on him. In the last hours of Halloween he has returned to the dying town of Elm Haven, his boyhood home, where he hopes to find peace in isolation. But moving into a long deserted farmhouse on the far outskirts of town the one time residence of a strange and brilliant friend who lost his young life in a grisly accident back in the terrible summer of 1960 is only the latest in his long succession of recent mistakes. Because Dale is not alone here. He has been followed to this house of shadows by private demons who are now twisting his reality into horrifying new forms. And a thick, blanketing early snow is starting to fall ..."
"The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier Clay by Michael Chabon. This brilliant epic novel set in New York and Prague introduces us to two misfit young men who make it big by creating comic book superheroes. Joe Kavalier, a young artist who has also been trained in the art of Houdiniesque escape, has just smuggled himself out of Nazi invaded Prague and landed in New York City. His Brooklyn cousin Sammy Clay is looking for a partner to create heroes, stories, and art for the latest novelty to hit America the comic book. Inspired by their own fears and dreams, Kavalier and Clay create the Escapists, The Monitor, and Luna Moth, inspired by the beautiful Rosa Saks, who will become linked by powerful ties to both men. The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier Clay is the winner of the 2001 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction."
The Amazing Adventures of the Escapist Volume 1 by Michael Chabon Glen David Gold Bill Sienkiewicz Howard Chaykin Gene Colan Steve Lieber Eric Wight Kevin McCarthy. No description available
The Great House of God by Max Lucado. No description available
"The Devil and Miss Prym On the Seventh Day 3 by Paulo Coelho Amanda Hopkinson Nick Caistor. A stranger arrives in the small mountain village, carrying with him a backpack containing a notebook and eleven gold bars. Burying these in the vicinity, the stranger strikes up a friendship with a young woman from the village Miss Prym. His mission is to uncover the true human nature. Publisher's description."
"Nine Stories by J.D. Salinger. The original, first rate, serious, and beautiful short fiction New York Times Book Review that introduced J. D. Salinger to American readers in the years after World War II, including A Perfect Day for Bananafish and the first appearance of Salinger's fictional Glass family. Nine exceptional stories from one of the great literary voices of the twentieth century. Witty, urbane, and frequently affecting, Nine Stories sits alongside Salinger's very best work a treasure that will passed down for many generations to come. The stories A Perfect Day for Bananafish Uncle Wiggily in Connecticut Just Before the War with the Eskimos The Laughing Man Down at the Dinghy For Esm with Love and Squalor Pretty Mouth and Green My Eyes De Daumier Smith's Blue Period Teddy"
"The Sun Rises and Other Questions About Time and Seasons by Brenda Walpole. Uses a question and answer format to present information about time and the seasons, such as how to split a second, who invented our calendar, and why the moon changes shapes."
"American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis. INTERNATIONAL BESTSELLER In this modern classic, the acclaimed author of The Shards explores the incomprehensible depths of madness and captures the insanity of violence in our time or any other. A seminal book. The Washington Post One of The Atlantic s Great American Novels of the Past 100 Years Patrick Bateman moves among the young and trendy in 1980s Manhattan. Young, handsome, and well educated, Bateman earns his fortune on Wall Street by day while spending his nights in ways we cannot begin to fathom. Expressing his true self through torture and murder, Bateman prefigures an apocalyptic horror that no society could bear to confront. A masterful satire and a ferocious, hilarious, ambitious, inspiring piece of writing.... An important book. Katherine Dunn, bestselling author of Geek Love Look for Bret Easton Ellis s latest novel, The Shards!"
Lunar Park by Bret Easton Ellis. No description available
"The Burden of Proof Kindle County Legal Thriller 2 by Scott Turow. One afternoon in late March, Sandy Stern, the brilliant, quixotic defence lawyer in Presumed Innocent, returns home to find his wife Clara dead in the garage. They have been married for thirty one years. Her suicide note leaves him just four words 'Can you forgive me?' But on the 6th March Clara had expected to live . . ."
Godless by Pete Hautman. No description available
That Godless Court? Supreme Court Decisions on Church State Relationships by Ronald B. Flowers. No description available
Soul Mates Honouring the Mysteries of Love and Relationship by Thomas Moore. No description available
"Soul Mates Twin Flames The Spiritual Dimension of Love Relationships Pocket Guide to Practical Spirituality by Elizabeth Clare Prophet. Bestselling author and columnist Jenny Smedley reveals the secrets to finding your soul mate Have you ever wondered who your soul mate is and how to find them, or whether you have one at all? The answers to these questions are much more complex than you think. In Soul Mates, international columnist and psychic advisor Jenny Smedley will unravel the mysteries behind this most sought after state that of being in love with the right person and making it last to help you avoid any potential pitfalls in your quest to find your soul mate. Providing practical, accessible advice on all soul mate situations, Soul Mates will help you to Differentiate between the various types of soul mates you might encounter and help you to understand why they are in your life Recognise the signs that will lead you to your soul mate Attract soul mates into your life using the power of auras, spells, numerology, crystals and astrology Mend your heart if you've already had it broken so that you can get going on your journey to real love"
"Hot Chocolate for the Mystical Lover 101 True Stories of Soul Mates Brought Together by Divine Intervention by Arielle Ford Deepak Chopra. This varied collection builds on the dramatic success of the previous Hot Chocolate titles, bringing the series to a whole new audience any one who is or has been in love. This collection of 101 true stories of soulmates brought together by divine intervention is full of accounts of people who found love in the most unlikely circumstances. All the writing is compelling and engaging."
"Man's Search for Meaning by Viktor E. Frankl Harold S. Kushner William J. Winslade Isle Lasch. The bestselling Holocaust memoir about finding purpose and strength in times of despair selected as a Library of Congress 10 Most Influential Books in America This stunning gift edition of one of the great books of our time Harold S. Kushner features new photos, end papers, and Frankl s never before published speeches and letters. Hailed as an enduring work of survival literature by the New York Times, Viktor Frankl s account of his time in the Nazi concentration camps and his insights into our ability to find meaning despite great adversity has offered solace and guidance to generations of readers since it was first published in 1946. This stunning hardcover gift edition features previously unpublished material including letters, speeches, essays, and an 8 page photo insert that reveal Frankl s enduring lessons on perseverance and strength in even greater depth. At the heart of Frankl s theory of logotherapy from the Greek word for meaning is a conviction that the primary human drive is not pleasure, as Freud maintained, but rather the discovery and pursuit of what the individual finds meaningful. Today, as new generations face new challenges and an ever more complex and uncertain world, Frankl s classic work continues to inspire us all to find significance in the very act of living, in spite of all obstacles. With more than 16 million copies sold in over 50 languages, this timeless masterpiece is one of the outstanding contributions to psychological thought Carl Rogers and offers inspiration for coping with suffering and finding your purpose."
"Man's Search for Meaning by Viktor E. Frankl Gordon W. Allport Ilse Lasch. The bestselling Holocaust memoir about finding purpose and strength in times of despair selected as a Library of Congress 10 Most Influential Books in America This stunning gift edition of one of the great books of our time Harold S. Kushner features new photos, end papers, and Frankl s never before published speeches and letters. Hailed as an enduring work of survival literature by the New York Times, Viktor Frankl s account of his time in the Nazi concentration camps and his insights into our ability to find meaning despite great adversity has offered solace and guidance to generations of readers since it was first published in 1946. This stunning hardcover gift edition features previously unpublished material including letters, speeches, essays, and an 8 page photo insert that reveal Frankl s enduring lessons on perseverance and strength in even greater depth. At the heart of Frankl s theory of logotherapy from the Greek word for meaning is a conviction that the primary human drive is not pleasure, as Freud maintained, but rather the discovery and pursuit of what the individual finds meaningful. Today, as new generations face new challenges and an ever more complex and uncertain world, Frankl s classic work continues to inspire us all to find significance in the very act of living, in spite of all obstacles. With more than 16 million copies sold in over 50 languages, this timeless masterpiece is one of the outstanding contributions to psychological thought Carl Rogers and offers inspiration for coping with suffering and finding your purpose."
In Search of Memory The Emergence of a New Science of Mind by Eric R. Kandel. No description available
"Search Engine Optimization for Dummies by Peter Kent. Why do some sites pop to the top when you search? How do you make yours one of them? You create sites that make search engines happy that s what search engine optimization is all about. Search Engine Optimization For Dummies has been the leading resource on how to make that happen, and this third edition is completely updated to cover the newest changes, standards, tips, and tricks. This handy guide shows you how to get more visitors by getting more visibility for your Web site. Find out which search engines matter most, what they look for and what they hate, how to get your site included in the best indexes and directories, and the most effective ways to spend your advertising dollars. You ll discover how to Plan a search engine strategy Build pages that offer visibility Make your site rank high with the most important search engines Avoid things that search engines don t like and tricks that might actually get your site penalized Use Google universal search, image search optimization, XML sitemaps, and more Choose the right keywords Track and measure your results Increase your exposure with shopping directories and retailers Boost your position with popular links and social networking sites Use pay per click in ways that get the most bang for your advertising buck Search Engine Optimization For Dummies, 3rd Edition also helps you skirt some of the pitfalls and become a savvy advertiser. With this book at your side, you ll never need to fear search engines again!"
"The Pragmatic Programmer From Journeyman to Master by Andy Hunt Dave Thomas. What others in the trenches say about The Pragmatic Programmer... The cool thing about this book is that it s great for keeping the programming process fresh. The book helps you to continue to grow and clearly comes from people who have been there. Kent Beck, author of Extreme Programming Explained Embrace Change I found this book to be a great mix of solid advice and wonderful analogies! Martin Fowler, author of Refactoring and UML Distilled I would buy a copy, read it twice, then tell all my colleagues to run out and grab a copy. This is a book I would never loan because I would worry about it being lost. Kevin Ruland, Management Science, MSG Logistics The wisdom and practical experience of the authors is obvious. The topics presented are relevant and useful.... By far its greatest strength for me has been the outstanding analogies tracer bullets, broken windows, and the fabulous helicopter based explanation of the need for orthogonality, especially in a crisis situation. I have little doubt that this book will eventually become an excellent source of useful information for journeymen programmers and expert mentors alike. John Lakos, author of Large Scale C Software Design This is the sort of book I will buy a dozen copies of when it comes out so I can give it to my clients. Eric Vought, Software Engineer Most modern books on software development fail to cover the basics of what makes a great software developer, instead spending their time on syntax or technology where in reality the greatest leverage possible for any software team is in having talented developers who really know their craft well. An excellent book. Pete McBreen, Independent Consultant Since reading this book, I have implemented many of the practical suggestions and tips it contains. Across the board, they have saved my company time and money while helping me get my job done quicker! This should be a desktop reference for everyone who works with code for a living. Jared Richardson, Senior Software Developer, iRenaissance, Inc. I would like to see this issued to every new employee at my company.... Chris Cleeland, Senior Software Engineer, Object Computing, Inc. If I m putting together a project, it s the authors of this book that I want. . . . And failing that I d settle for people who ve read their book. Ward Cunningham Straight from the programming trenches, The Pragmatic Programmer cuts through the increasing specialization and technicalities of modern software development to examine the core process taking a requirement and producing working, maintainable code that delights its users. It covers topics ranging from personal responsibility and career development to architectural techniques for keeping your code flexible and easy to adapt and reuse. Read this book, and you'll learn how to Fight software rot Avoid the trap of duplicating knowledge Write flexible, dynamic, and adaptable code Avoid programming by coincidence Bullet proof your code with contracts, assertions, and exceptions Capture real requirements Test ruthlessly and effectively Delight your users Build teams of pragmatic programmers and Make your developments more precise with automation. Written as a series of self contained sections and filled with entertaining anecdotes, thoughtful examples, and interesting analogies, The Pragmatic Programmer illustrates the best practices and major pitfalls of many different aspects of software development. Whether you're a new coder, an experienced programmer, or a manager responsible for software projects, use these lessons daily, and you'll quickly see improvements in personal productivity, accuracy, and job satisfaction. You'll learn skills and develop habits and attitudes that form the foundation for long term success in your career. You'll become a Pragmatic Programmer."
Behind Closed Doors Secrets of Great Management by Johanna Rothman Esther Derby. No description available
Blink 182 by Anne Hoppus. No description available
I Blink And Other Questions About My Body by Brigid Avison. No description available
"The Great Good Thing The Sylvie Cycle 1 by Roderick Townley. A storybook princess breaks the fourth wall and incites a new kind of adventure in this imaginative middle grade fantasy perfect for fans of Chris Colfer and Gail Carson Levine. Sylvie had an amazing life, but she didn t get to live it very often. Sylvie has been a twelve year old princess for more than eighty years, ever since the book she lives in was first printed. She s the heroine, and her story is exciting. But that s the trouble it s always exciting in the same way. So when a new Reader opens the book at long last, Sylvie breaks the cardinal rule of all storybook characters she looks up. And sets into motion a new story all her own. Now, Sylvie is in for an adventure beyond any she could have imagined. As her journey takes her from the pages of a book to the landscape of dreams, Sylvie must summon all her courage to save her kingdom, find her way home, and figure out what it really means to do a Great Good Thing."
The Great Good Place Cafes Coffee Shops Bookstores Bars Hair Salons and Other Hangouts at the Heart of a Community by Ray Oldenburg. No description available
Built to Last Successful Habits of Visionary Companies by James C. Collins Jerry I. Porras. No description available
"I Like You Hospitality Under the Influence by Amy Sedaris. The inspiration for the TV show At Home with Amy Sedaris, here is a hilarious, helpful, and informative guide on how to entertain. Are you lacking direction in how to whip up a swanky soiree for lumberjacks? A dinner party for white collar workers? A festive gathering for the grieving? Don't despair! Take a cue from entertaining expert Amy Sedaris and host an unforgettable fete that will have your guests raving. No matter the style or size of the gathering from the straightforward to the bizarre I LIKE YOU provides jackpot recipes and solid advice laced with Amy's blisteringly funny take on entertaining, plus four color photos and enlightening sidebars on everything it takes to pull off a party with extraordinary flair. You don't even need to be a host or hostess to benefit Amy offers tips for guests, too! Rule number one don't be fifteen minutes early. Readers will discover unique dishes to serve alcoholics Broiled Frozen Chicken Wings with Applesauce , the secret to a successful children's party a half hour time limit, games included , plus a whole appendix chock full of arts and crafts ideas from a mini pantyhose plant hanger to a do it yourself calf stretcher , and much, much more! In At Home with Amy Sedaris, Ms. Sedaris offers deliriously twisted takes on the homemaking skills she skewered in her books I Like You and Simple Times. The New York Times"
"Children Playing Before a Statue of Hercules by David Sedaris Richard Yates Dorothy Parker Joyce Carol Oates Lorrie Moore Flannery O'Connor Amy Hempel Akhil Sharma Tim Johnston Tobias Wolff Sarah Vowell Charles Baxter Jhumpa Lahiri Katherine Mansfield Alice Munro Jean Thompson Frank Gannon Patricia Highsmith Jincy Willett. A collection of contemporary and classical short fiction works includes pieces by such writers as Alice Munro, Tobias Wolff, and Joyce Carol Oates."
Bringing Down The House by Ben Mezrich. No description available
Read for Your Life 11 Ways to Better Yourself Through Books by Pat Williams Peggy Matthews Rose. No description available
"The Hip Hop Church Connecting with the Movement Shaping Our Culture by Efrem Smith Phil Jackson. Hip hop is here. The beats ring out in our cities. Hip hop culture is all around us in the clothes youth wear, in the music they listen to, in the ways they express themselves. It is the language they speak, the rhythm they move to. It is a culture familiar with the hard realities of our broken world the generation raised with rap knows about the pain. They need to know about the hope. Enter the hip hop church. Like the culture it rises from, the hip hop church is relevant and bold. And it speaks to the heart. In this book, pastors Efrem Smith and Phil Jackson show the urgency of connecting hip hop culture and church to reach a generation with the gospel of Jesus Christ. They give practical ideas from their urban churches and other hip hop churches about how to engage and incorporate rap, break dancing, poetry and deejays to worship Jesus and preach his Word. Hip hop culture is shaping the next generation. Ignoring it will not reduce its influence it will only separate us from the youth moving to its rhythm. How will they hear Christ's message of truth and hope if we don't speak their language? And how can we speak their language if we don't understand and embrace their culture? Hear the beat. Join the beat. Become the beat that brings truth and hope to a hungry, hurting generation."
The Final Season Fathers Sons and One Last Season in a Classic American Ballpark by Tom Stanton. No description available
The Cold Six Thousand Underworld USA 2 by James Ellroy. No description available
Schiffbruch mit Zuschauer. Paradigma einer Daseinsmetapher by Hans Blumenberg. No description available
The Guide to Dan Brown's the Solomon Key by Greg Taylor. No description available
The Illuminati by Larry Burkett. No description available
"The Illuminati Papers by Robert Anton Wilson. Ia all of history a vast conspiracy? Cosmic joke? Robert Anton Wilson developed the story of the Illuminati, a conspiracy as old as time itself, as a vehicle to amuse and enlighten. His best selling books, The Illuminati Trilogy and Cosmic Trigger, have delighted readers the world over and made the Illuminati conspiracy the perfect metaphor for our time. In the ILLUMINATI PAPERS, Robert Anton Wilson speaks through characters from his novels and other realities and presents his views on our future way of life. Includes The HEAD Revolution Secrets of Evolution How to Eliminate Stupidity Illuminati Interoffice Memos The Position Papers of Hagbard Celine Economic Liberation The Usual Gang of Lunatics, Mystics, and Characters Clamoring for a New Social Order"
"The Da Vinci Code Robert Langdon 2 by Dan Brown Paul Michael. Robert Langdon menerima telepon misterius yang mengundangnya ke Museum Louvre Paris pada tengah malam. Sesampai di sana, yang ditemui Langdon adalah mayat telanjang sang kurator museum dengan posisi dan tato aneh di perutnya. Langdon terkejut ketika menyadari bahwa teka teki itu mengarah ke misteri terbesar sepanjang sejarah yang petunjuknya tersembunyi dalam karya karya Da Vinci. Misteri tentang persaudaraan rahasia yang melibatkan nama nama besar. Persaudaraan yang menjaga sebuah fakta sejarah yang sangat mengejutkan. Fakta yang bisa mengguncang keyakinan miliaran manusia di dunia. Dengan bantuan kriptolog Sophie Neveu, Langdon berusaha memecahkan misteri itu sambil berusaha menghindari kejaran polisi sepanjang Paris, London, dan kota lainnya. Langdon harus segera memecahkan misteri itu dan mengalahkan musuh tersembunyi yang menghadang di setiap langkah mereka dan mengancam nyawa. Mizan, Mizan Publishing, Novel, Misteri, Thriller, Terjemahan, Indonesia"
"El c digo Da Vinci Robert Langdon 2 by Dan Brown Juanjo Estrella. While in Paris on business, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon receives an urgent late night phone call the elderly curator of the Louvre has been murdered inside the museum. Near the body, police have found a baffling cipher. While working to solve the enigmatic riddle, Langdon is stunned to discover it leads to a trail of clues hidden in the works of Da Vinci clues visible for all to see yet ingeniously disguised by the painter. Langdon joins forces with a gifted French cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, and learns the late curator was involved in the Priory of Sion an actual secret society whose members included Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli, Victor Hugo, and Da Vinci, among others. In a breathless race through Paris, London, and beyond, Langdon and Neveu match wits with a faceless powerbroker who seems to anticipate their every move. Unless Langdon and Neveu can decipher the labyrinthine puzzle in time, the Priory's ancient secret and an explosive historical truth will be lost forever."
"Truth and Fiction in The Da Vinci Code A Historian Reveals What We Really Know about Jesus Mary Magdalene Constantine by Bart D. Ehrman. In his staggeringly popular work of fiction, Dan Brown states up front that the historical information in the The Da Vinci Code is all factually accurate. But is this claim true? As historian Bart D. Ehrman shows in this informative and witty book, The Da Vinci Code is filled with numerous historical mistakes. Did the ancient church engage in a cover up to make the man Jesus into a divine figure? Did Emperor Constantine select for the New Testament from some 80 contending Gospels the only four Gospels that stressed that Jesus was divine? Was Jesus Christ married to Mary Magdalene? Did the Church suppress Gospels that told the secret of their marriage? Bart Ehrman thoroughly debunks all of these claims. But the book is not merely a laundry list of Brown's misreading of history. Throughout, Ehrman offers a wealth of fascinating background information all historically accurate on early Christianity. He describes, for instance, the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls outlines in simple terms how scholars of early Christianity determine which sources are most reliable and explores the many other Gospels that have been found in the last half century. In his engaging book, Ehrman separates fact from fiction, the historical realities from the flights of literary fancy. Anyone who would like to know the truth about the beginnings of Christianity and the real truth behind The Da Vinci Code will find this book riveting."
"Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Harry Potter 3 by J.K. Rowling. 'Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard. Just stick out your wand hand, step on board and we can take you anywhere you want to go.' When the Knight Bus crashes through the darkness and screeches to a halt in front of him, it's the start of another far from ordinary year at Hogwarts for Harry Potter. Sirius Black, escaped mass murderer and follower of Lord Voldemort, is on the run and they say he is coming after Harry. In his first ever Divination class, Professor Trelawney sees an omen of death in Harry's tea leaves... But perhaps most terrifying of all are the Dementors patrolling the school grounds, with their soul sucking kiss... Having become classics of our time, the Harry Potter eBooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. With their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the Boy Who Lived continues to delight generations of new readers."
"Housekeeping vs. the Dirt by Nick Hornby Sarah Vowell Jess Walter Jennie Erdal Joshua Ferris. Fourteen months of Hornby's warm, incisive, and hilarious chronicles of the books he buys and the books he reads.In this latest collection of essays following 'The Polysyllabic Spree,' critic and author Nick Hornby continues the feverish survey of his swollen bookshelves, offering a funny, intelligent, and unblinkered account of the stuff he's been reading. Ranging from the middlebrow to the highbrow with unrepenting dips into the lowbrow , Hornby's dispatches from his nightstand table serve as useful guides to contemporary letters, with revelations on contemporary culture, the intellectual scene, and English football, in equal measure."
"The Polysyllabic Spree by Nick Hornby. The Complete Polysyllabic Spree is Nick Hornby's wickedly funny journey through reading This is not a book of reviews. This is not a book that sneers at other books. This is a book about reading about enjoying books wherever and however you find them. Nick Hornby, author of the bestsellers About a Boy and Fever Pitch takes us on a hilarious and perceptive tour through the books he bought, the books he read and his thoughts on literature. He is first and foremost a reader and he approaches books like the rest of us hoping to pick up one he can't put down. The Complete Polysyllabic Spree is a diary of sorts, charting his reading life over two years. It is a celebration of why we read its pleasures, its disappointments and its surprises. And above all, it is for you the ever hopeful reader. For fans of Bill Bryson and Stephen Fry, and for bookworms everywhere, this witty, passionate book will make you cherish the world of letters anew. 'An engaged and engaging ramble around one reader's mind' The Times 'Not only does it make you want to read more but, like all great books, it's also terrific company' Metro 'For anyone whose idea of a good time is arguing with friends about their favourite books...amusing and contagiously enthusiastic' Big Issue"
"Songbook by Nick Hornby. Piano Vocal Guitar Songbook . Easy to play arrangements for piano, guitar, and voice for your favorite Sesame Street classics by Jeff Moss, Joe Raposo, Christopher Cerf, Tony Geiss, Stephen Lawrence, Sam Pottle, and other Sesame Street songwriters. 40 songs in all, including ABC DEF GHI Bein' Green Born to Add C Is for Cookie Elmo's Song The Grouch Song I Love Trash La La La People in Your Neighborhood Rubber Duckie Sesame Street Theme Sing Somebody Come and Play and more."
My Favorite Year A Collection of Football Writing by Nick Hornby D.J. Taylor Huw Richards Chris Pierson Roddy Doyle Harry Ritchie Harry Pearson Olly Wicken Graham Brack Matt Nation Ed Horton Don Watson. No description available
Fever Pitch by Nick Hornby. No description available
"High Fidelity by Nick Hornby. High Fidelity is Nick Hornby's hilarious and heart breaking first novel bestseller Do you know your desert island, all time, top five most memorable split ups? Rob does. He keeps a list, in fact. But Laura isn't on it even though she's just become his latest ex. He's got his life back, you see. He can just do what he wants when he wants like listen to whatever music he likes, look up the girls that are on his list, and generally behave as if Laura never mattered. But Rob finds he can't move on. He's stuck in a really deep groove and it's called Laura. Soon, he's asking himself some big questions about love, about life and about why we choose to share ours with the people we do. A million copy bestseller, and adapted into a 2000 film starring John Cusack, High Fidelity explores the world of break ups, make ups and what it is to be in love. This astutely observed and wickedly funny book will be enjoyed by readers of David Nicholls and William Boyd, and by generations of readers to come. 'It will give enormous pleasure at the same time as expanding in a small but worthwhile way, the range of English literature' Independent on Sunday 'Leaves you believing not only in the redemptive power of music but above all the redemptive power of love. Funny and wise, sweet and true' Independent 'A triumphant first novel. True to life, very funny and moving' Financial Times"
"About a Boy by Nick Hornby. THE MILLION COPY NO. 1 BESTSELLER THAT BECAME AN ACCLAIMED FILM STARRING HUGH GRANT AND NICOLAS HOULT 'A very entertaining and endearing read' The Times Thirty six year old Londoner Will loves his life. Living carefree off the royalties of his dad's Christmas song, he's rich, unattached and has zero responsibilities just the way he likes it. But when Will meets Marcus, an awkward twelve year old who listens to Joni Mitchell and accidentally kills ducks with loaves of bread, an unlikely friendship starts to bloom. Can this odd duo teach each another how to finally act their age? Hugely funny and equally heartfelt, Nick Hornby's classic proves you're never too old to grow up. Perfect for fans of David Nicholls and Mike Gayle. 'A stunner of a novel. Utterly read in one day, forget where you are on the tube gripping' Marie Claire 'About the awful, hilarious, embarrassing places where children and adults meet, and Hornby has captured it with delightful precision' Irish Times 'It takes a writer with real talent to make this work, and Hornby has it in buckets' Literary Review"
"The Complete Polysyllabic Spree by Nick Hornby. The Complete Polysyllabic Spree is Nick Hornby's wickedly funny journey through reading This is not a book of reviews. This is not a book that sneers at other books. This is a book about reading about enjoying books wherever and however you find them. Nick Hornby, author of the bestsellers About a Boy and Fever Pitch takes us on a hilarious and perceptive tour through the books he bought, the books he read and his thoughts on literature. He is first and foremost a reader and he approaches books like the rest of us hoping to pick up one he can't put down. The Complete Polysyllabic Spree is a diary of sorts, charting his reading life over two years. It is a celebration of why we read its pleasures, its disappointments and its surprises. And above all, it is for you the ever hopeful reader. For fans of Bill Bryson and Stephen Fry, and for bookworms everywhere, this witty, passionate book will make you cherish the world of letters anew. 'An engaged and engaging ramble around one reader's mind' The Times 'Not only does it make you want to read more but, like all great books, it's also terrific company' Metro 'For anyone whose idea of a good time is arguing with friends about their favourite books...amusing and contagiously enthusiastic' Big Issue"
"Medicus Gaius Petreius Ruso 1 by Ruth Downie. A down on his luck Roman army doctor, Gaius Petreius Ruso decides to seek his fortune in one of the far outposts of the Roman Empire, journeying to Britannia, where he rescues an injured slave girl, Tilla, from her abusive owner."
Middlesex Borough Images of America New Jersey by Middlesex Borough Heritage Committee. No description available
David Foster Wallace's Infinite Jest A Reader's Guide by Stephen J. Burn. No description available
Scar Tissue by Anthony Kiedis. No description available
Monsieur Ibrahim et les fleurs du Coran by ric Emmanuel Schmitt. No description available
"Zaat by Sonallah Ibrahim Anthony Calderbank. Colonial and Post Colonial Identity Politics in South Asia analyses the colonial and post colonial documentation and caste classification among Muslims in India, and will be of interest to scholars of religion, Islam, history, politics and sociology of India."
"Dreamland by Sarah Dessen. As an adult book, Sam Quinones's Dreamland took the world by storm, winning the NBCC Award for General Nonfiction and hitting at least a dozen Best Book of the Year lists. Now, adapted for the first time for a young adult audience, this compelling reporting explains the roots of the current opiate crisis. In 1929, in the blue collar city of Portsmouth, Ohio, a company built a swimming pool the size of a football field named Dreamland, it became the vital center of the community. Now, addiction has devastated Portsmouth, as it has hundreds of small rural towns and suburbs across America. How that happened is the riveting story of Dreamland. Quinones explains how the rise of the prescription drug OxyContin, a miraculous and extremely addictive painkiller pushed by pharmaceutical companies, paralleled the massive influx of black tar heroin cheap, potent, and originating from one small county on Mexico's west coast, independent of any drug cartel. Introducing a memorable cast of characters pharmaceutical pioneers, young Mexican entrepreneurs, narcotics investigators, survivors, teens, and parents Dreamland is a revelatory account of the massive threat facing America and its heartland."
"End Game Dreamland 8 by Dale Brown Jim DeFelice. To combat terror, sometimes fire must be fought with fire. In the Nevada desert, the high tech future of warfare is being conceived and constructed at a top secret military facility called Dreamland. A volatile U.S. ally has fallen prey to the terrorist beast. India is the target of radical Islamic jihadists, and the world watches breathlessly as tensions escalate between the uneasy giant and its longtime nemesis, Pakistan with China waiting in the wings, eager to flex its military might. A nuclear showdown seems inevitable, unless the masterminds at Dreamland can get to the mysterious source of the terror and end it, swiftly and permanently. Every technological wonder the military possesses must be employed to avert an all out Apocalypse from an awesome new hybrid Navy destroyer to robot Nighthawks. But the fate of the region and the world will depend on the newest brainchild of the Dreamland team an unproven instrument of ultimate power called End Game."
H. P. Lovecraft's Dreamlands Call of Cthulhu RPG by Chris Williams Sandy Petersen. No description available
"Dreamland Dreamland 1 by Dale Brown Jim DeFelice. As an adult book, Sam Quinones's Dreamland took the world by storm, winning the NBCC Award for General Nonfiction and hitting at least a dozen Best Book of the Year lists. Now, adapted for the first time for a young adult audience, this compelling reporting explains the roots of the current opiate crisis. In 1929, in the blue collar city of Portsmouth, Ohio, a company built a swimming pool the size of a football field named Dreamland, it became the vital center of the community. Now, addiction has devastated Portsmouth, as it has hundreds of small rural towns and suburbs across America. How that happened is the riveting story of Dreamland. Quinones explains how the rise of the prescription drug OxyContin, a miraculous and extremely addictive painkiller pushed by pharmaceutical companies, paralleled the massive influx of black tar heroin cheap, potent, and originating from one small county on Mexico's west coast, independent of any drug cartel. Introducing a memorable cast of characters pharmaceutical pioneers, young Mexican entrepreneurs, narcotics investigators, survivors, teens, and parents Dreamland is a revelatory account of the massive threat facing America and its heartland."
Satan's Tail Dreamland 7 by Dale Brown Jim DeFelice. No description available
The Zanzibar Chest by Aidan Hartley. No description available
Dispatches from the Edge A Memoir of War Disasters and Survival by Anderson Cooper. No description available
Dispatches by Michael Herr. No description available
Dispatch by Bentley Little. No description available
"Dispatches from the Tenth Circle The Best of the Onion by Robert D. Siegel Todd Hanson Carol Kolb The Onion. The Onion is laugh out loud, go tell your friends, get angry you didn't think of it funny. Conan O'Brien Outside of maybe Dario Fo, an Italian who few are sure exists, the Onion people make the most consistently perfect and excoriating social commentary we currently have. But will those Nobel bastards honor them, too? Only God, our merciless and just God, knows. Dave Eggers The funniest publication in the United States. The New Yorker This publication is tasteless and destructive to our shared values. Read it for yourself and you'll see what I mean. Seriously, what else could make me laugh much less laugh uproariously while being offended week after week after week? Al Gore The Onion is the funniest thing in news since Dan Rather's spooky stare. Matt Groening Brutal satire that rushes into the far reaches of race, class, sexuality, and culture where many publications and critics fear to tread. Chicago Tribune The Onion, unlike any other entity in our media culture, offers a refreshingly honest look at our complicated life. Ken Burns"
"Hello! Is That Grandma? by Ian Whybrow Deborah Allwright. A little boy tries to call and invite his grandmother to his house for her birthday party, but dials the numbers for duck, cow, and sheep instead."
How Much is That Guinea Pig in the Window? by Joanne Rocklin Meredith Johnson. Pub 10 95.Will it be a turtle or a bunny? A tarantula or a snake? The winner is a guinea pig. But now Mr. Day's class must calculate how many bottles and cans they need to recycle to buy a class pet in this funny tale from the author of Three Smart Pals and the illustrator of All Tutus Should Be Pink.
My War Gone By I Miss It So by Anthony Loyd. No description available
"Night Draws Near Iraq's People in the Shadow of America's War by Anthony Shadid. From the only journalist to win a Pulitzer Prize for his reporting from Iraq, this riveting account illuminates ordinary people caught between the struggles of nations."
"Maximum City Bombay Lost and Found by Suketu Mehta. A native of Bombay, Suketu Mehta gives us an insider s view of this stunning metropolis. He approaches the city from unexpected angles, taking us into the criminal underworld of rival Muslim and Hindu gangs, following the life of a bar dancer raised amid poverty and abuse, opening the door into the inner sanctums of Bollywood, and delving into the stories of the countless villagers who come in search of a better life and end up living on the sidewalks. As each individual story unfolds, Mehta also recounts his own efforts to make a home in Bombay after more than twenty years abroad. Candid, impassioned, funny, and heartrending, Maximum City is a revelation of an ancient and ever changing world."
Catfish and Mandala A Two Wheeled Voyage Through the Landscape and Memory of Vietnam by Andrew X. Pham. No description available
When Broken Glass Floats Growing Up Under the Khmer Rouge by Chanrithy Him. No description available
"First They Killed My Father A Daughter of Cambodia Remembers by Loung Ung. A riveting memoir. . . an important, moving work that those who have suffered cannot afford to forget and those who have been spared cannot afford to ignore. San Francisco Chronicle From a childhood survivor of the Cambodian genocide under the regime of Pol Pot, this is a riveting narrative of war crimes and desperate actions, the unnerving strength of a small girl and her family, and their triumph of spirit. One of seven children of a high ranking government official, Loung Ung lived a privileged life in the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh until the age of five. Then, in April 1975, Pol Pot's Khmer Rouge army stormed into the city, forcing Ung's family to flee and, eventually, to disperse. Loung was trained as a child soldier in a work camp for orphans, her siblings were sent to labor camps, and those who survived the horrors would not be reunited until the Khmer Rouge was destroyed. Harrowing yet hopeful, Loung's powerful story is an unforgettable account of a family shaken and shattered, yet miraculously sustained by courage and love in the face of unspeakable brutality."
Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury Christopher Hurt. No description available
Los funerales de la Mam Grande by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. No description available
"Collected Novellas by Gabriel Garc a M rquez Gregory Rabassa J.S. Bernstein. A beautiful new paperback edition of this collection containing five of Stefan Zweig's most powerful novellas. A casual introduction, a challenge to a simple game of chess, a lovers' reunion, a meaningless infidelity from such small seeds Zweig brings forth five startlingly tense tales meditations on the fragility of love, the limits of obsession, the combustibility of secrets and betrayal. A casual introduction, a challenge to a simple game of chess, a lovers' reunion, a meaningless infidelity from such small seeds Zweig brings forth five startlingly tense tales meditations on the fragility of love, the limits of obsession, the combustibility of secrets and betrayal. To read anything by Zweig is to risk addiction in this collection the power of his writing which, with its unabashed intensity and narrative drive, made him one of the bestselling and most acclaimed authors in the world is clear and irresistible. Each of these stories is a bolt of experience, unforgettable and unique. This edition includes five powerful novellas Burning Secret A Chess Story Fear Confusion Journey into the Past"
"The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck Robert DeMott Mick Wiggins. The Pulitzer Prize winning epic of the Great Depression, a book that galvanized and sometimes outraged millions of readers. First published in 1939, Steinbeck s Pulitzer Prize winning epic of the Great Depression chronicles the Dust Bowl migration of the 1930s and tells the story of one Oklahoma farm family, the Joads driven from their homestead and forced to travel west to the promised land of California. Out of their trials and their repeated collisions against the hard realities of an America divided into Haves and Have Nots evolves a drama that is intensely human yet majestic in its scale and moral vision, elemental yet plainspoken, tragic but ultimately stirring in its human dignity. A portrait of the conflict between the powerful and the powerless, of one man s fierce reaction to injustice, and of one woman s stoical strength, the novel captures the horrors of the Great Depression and probes into the very nature of equality and justice in America. At once a naturalistic epic, captivity narrative, road novel, and transcendental gospel, Steinbeck s powerful landmark novel is perhaps the most American of American Classics. This Centennial edition, specially designed to commemorate one hundred years of Steinbeck, features french flaps and deckle edged pages. For more than sixty five years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English speaking world. With more than 1,500 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up to date translations by award winning translators."
"CliffsNotes on Steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath by Kelly McGrath Vlcek CliffsNotes John Steinbeck. The original CliffsNotes study guides offer a look into key elements and ideas within classic works of literature. The latest generation of titles in this series also features glossaries and visual elements that complement the familiar format. CliffsNotes on The Grapes of Wrath explores John Steinbeck's Pulitzer Prize winning and controversial novel, a work based on the what the author saw for himself as a reporter covering migrant worker camps. Following the story of the Joad family as they travel from the Oklahoma Dust Bowl to California in search of farming opportunities and wealth, this study guide provides summaries and critical commentaries for each part within the novel. Other features that help you figure out this important work include Personal background on the author, including career highlights Introduction to and synopsis of the book In depth character analyses Critical essays to take you into the author's personal philosophy Review section that features interactive questions and suggested essay topics and practice projects Resource Center with books, films, and Web sites that can help round out your knowledge Classic literature or modern day treasure you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck. No description available
"American Gods by Neil Gaiman. Shadow is a man with a past. But now he wants nothing more than to live a quiet life with his wife and stay out of trouble. Until he learns that she's been killed in a terrible accident. Flying home for the funeral, as a violent storm rocks the plane, a strange man in the seat next to him introduces himself. The man calls himself Mr. Wednesday, and he knows more about Shadow than is possible. He warns Shadow that a far bigger storm is coming. And from that moment on, nothing will ever he the same..."
American Gospel God the Founding Fathers and the Making of a Nation by Jon Meacham. No description available
"American Gods American Gods 1 by Neil Gaiman. Shadow is a man with a past. But now he wants nothing more than to live a quiet life with his wife and stay out of trouble. Until he learns that she's been killed in a terrible accident. Flying home for the funeral, as a violent storm rocks the plane, a strange man in the seat next to him introduces himself. The man calls himself Mr. Wednesday, and he knows more about Shadow than is possible. He warns Shadow that a far bigger storm is coming. And from that moment on, nothing will ever he the same..."
"East of Eden by John Steinbeck. A masterpiece of Biblical scope, and the magnum opus of one of America s most enduring authors, in a commemorative hardcover edition In his journal, Nobel Prize winner John Steinbeck called East of Eden the first book, and indeed it has the primordial power and simplicity of myth. Set in the rich farmland of California's Salinas Valley, this sprawling and often brutal novel follows the intertwined destinies of two families the Trasks and the Hamiltons whose generations helplessly reenact the fall of Adam and Eve and the poisonous rivalry of Cain and Abel. The masterpiece of Steinbeck s later years, East of Eden is a work in which Steinbeck created his most mesmerizing characters and explored his most enduring themes the mystery of identity, the inexplicability of love, and the murderous consequences of love's absence. Adapted for the 1955 film directed by Elia Kazan introducing James Dean, and read by thousands as the book that brought Oprah s Book Club back, East of Eden has remained vitally present in American culture for over half a century."
Eden in the East The Drowned Continent of Southeast Asia by Stephen Oppenheimer. No description available
"East Of Eden by John Steinbeck. A masterpiece of Biblical scope, and the magnum opus of one of America s most enduring authors, in a commemorative hardcover edition In his journal, Nobel Prize winner John Steinbeck called East of Eden the first book, and indeed it has the primordial power and simplicity of myth. Set in the rich farmland of California's Salinas Valley, this sprawling and often brutal novel follows the intertwined destinies of two families the Trasks and the Hamiltons whose generations helplessly reenact the fall of Adam and Eve and the poisonous rivalry of Cain and Abel. The masterpiece of Steinbeck s later years, East of Eden is a work in which Steinbeck created his most mesmerizing characters and explored his most enduring themes the mystery of identity, the inexplicability of love, and the murderous consequences of love's absence. Adapted for the 1955 film directed by Elia Kazan introducing James Dean, and read by thousands as the book that brought Oprah s Book Club back, East of Eden has remained vitally present in American culture for over half a century."
Who Was John F. Kennedy? by Yona Zeldis McDonough Nancy Harrison Jill Weber. No description available
The Radical Right the Murder of John F. Kennedy Stunning Evidence in the Assassination of the President by Harrison Edward Livingstone. No description available
An Unfinished Life John F. Kennedy 1917 1963 by Robert Dallek. No description available
Sellevision by Augusten Burroughs. No description available
Dry by Augusten Burroughs. No description available
"Running with Scissors by Augusten Burroughs. The author describes his bizarre coming of age years after his adoption by his mother's psychiatrist, during which he witnessed such misadventures as a fake suicide attempt and front lawn family patient sleepovers."
People of the Lie The Hope for Healing Human Evil by M. Scott Peck. No description available
"The Road Less Traveled A New Psychology of Love Traditional Values and Spiritual Growth by M. Scott Peck. A psychiatrist suggests ways in which confronting and resolving problems, a painful process most people try to avoid, can lead to greater self understanding and spiritual growth."
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes by Arthur Conan Doyle. No description available
A Prayer for Owen Meany by John Irving. No description available
"Complications A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science by Atul Gawande Susanne Kuhlmann Krieg. A book about medicine that reads like a thriller, Complications is a uniquely soulful book about the science of mending bodies Adam Gopnik, author of From Paris to the Moon ."
Sad Underwear and Other Complications More Poems for Children and Their Parents by Judith Viorst Richard Hull. No description available
"Bridget Jones The Edge Of Reason Bridget Jones 2 by Helen Fielding. With another devastatingly hilarious, ridiculous, unnervingly accurate take on modern womanhood, Bridget Jones is back. v.g. Monday 27 January 7 15 a.m. Hurrah! The wilderness years are over. For four weeks and five days now have been in functional relationship with adult male, thereby proving am not love pariah as recently feared. Wednesday 5 March 7 08 p.m. Am assured, receptive, responsive woman of substance. My sense of self comes not from other people but . . .from . . .myself? That can't be right. Lurching from the cappuccino bars of Notting Hill to the blissed out shores of Thailand, everyone's favorite Singleton Bridget Jones begins her search for The Truth in spite of pathetically unevolved men, insane dating theories, and Smug Married advice. She experiences a zeitgeist esque Spiritual Epiphany somewhere between the pages of How to Find the Love You Want Without Seeking It can self help books really help self? , protective custody, and a lightly chilled Chardonnay."
"Bridget Jones's Guide to Life by Helen Fielding. Bridget Jones, the main character in the novel and the film, Bridget Jones's Diary, shares her own ideas on homemaking, cooking, relationships, weight loss, and other subjects in a parody of a self help book."
Las luces de septiembre Niebla 3 by Carlos Ruiz Zaf n. Un misterioso fabricante de juguetes vive recluido en una mansi n gigantesca poblada de seres mec nicos y sombras del pasado. Un enigma en torno a las extra as luces que brillan entre la niebla que rodea el islote del faro. Una criatura de pesadilla que se oculta en la profundidad del bosque. Estos y otros elementos tejen la trama del misterio que unir a Irene e Ismael para siempre durante un m gico verano en Bah a Azul.
A Framework for Understanding Poverty by Ruby K. Payne. No description available
"El pr ncipe de la niebla Trilog a de la Niebla 1 by Carlos Ruiz Zaf n. Escapando de los desastres de la Segunda Guerra Mundial, la familia Carver se traslada a una casa junto a la playa de un pueblo peque o y tranquilo situado a orillas del Atl ntico. Se trata de un viaje tambi n en el tiempo, pues pronto los Carver se ven envueltos en una sorprendente historia relacionada con inquietantes acontecimientos del pasado. Max y Alicia, los hermanos mayores de la familia, protagonizan junto a su amigo Roland una peligrosa aventura que los lleva a enfrentarse al Pr ncipe de la Niebla, un personaje siniestro que demuestra hasta qu punto aciertan quienes aseguran que lo prometido es... deuda. Esta edici n incluye un estudio preliminar, propuestas de trabajo y lecturas complementarias a cargo de David Vi as Piquer, profesor de Teor a de la Literatura y Literatura Comparada en la Universidad de Barcelona."
"The Shadow of the Wind by Carlos Ruiz Zaf n Lucia Graves. The New York Times bestseller The Shadow of the Wind is ultimately a love letter to literature, intended for readers as passionate about storytelling as its young hero. Entertainment Weekly Editor's Choice One gorgeous read. Stephen King Barcelona, 1945 A city slowly heals in the aftermath of the Spanish Civil War, and Daniel, an antiquarian book dealer s son who mourns the loss of his mother, finds solace in a mysterious book entitled The Shadow of the Wind, by one Juli n Carax. But when he sets out to find the author s other works, he makes a shocking discovery someone has been systematically destroying every copy of every book Carax has written. In fact, Daniel may have the last of Carax s books in existence. Soon Daniel s seemingly innocent quest opens a door into one of Barcelona s darkest secrets an epic story of murder, madness, and doomed love."
"Ruby for Rails Ruby Techniques for Rails Developers by David A. Black David Heinemeier Hansson. Ruby for Rails developers achieve Ruby mastery. Each chapter deepens your Ruby knowledge and shows you how it connects to Rails. You will gain confidence working with objects and classes and learn how to leverage Ruby s elegant, expressive syntax for Rails application power. And you will become a better Rails developer through a deep understanding of the design of Rails itself and how to take advantage of it."
About the B'nai Bagels by E.L. Konigsburg. No description available
"The Far Side of Evil by Sylvia Engdahl. On completion of her training as an agent of the interstellar federation's Anthropological Service, Elana is sent to a world whose people may soon destroy their civilization. Since not enough is understood about the situation to justify any interference with their evolution, the Service has no power to act its agents must go as helpless observers, posing as natives, in the hope of gaining knowledge that may help to save other worlds. This passive role proves intolerable to the young, inexperienced agent assigned to the same city as Elana, a city under totalitarian rule. After falling in love with a local girl who has become Elana's closest friend, he identifies too completely with the natives and unwittingly endangers the entire world by a well meant but ill advised attempt to intervene. Forced to assume responsibility for undoing the damage, Elana finds that only she at great cost can prevent an immediate war of annihilation. Although this novel has the same heroine as the author's Newbery Honor book Enchantress from the Stars, it is not a sequel but a completely separate and very different story not intended for readers below high school age, which is also enjoyed by adults. The two books are in no way dependent on each other and can be read in either order."
"Enchantress from the Stars by Sylvia Engdahl Lois Lowry. Rediscover this beloved Newbery Honor winning classic, Featuring a brand new cover and a foreword by Lois Lowry! Elana, a member of an interstellar civilization on a mission to a medieval planet, becomes the key to a dangerous plan to turn back an invasion. How can she help the Andrecians, who still believe in magic and superstition, without revealing her own alien powers? At the same time, Georyn, the son of an Andrecian woodcutter, knows only that there is a dragon in the enchanted forest, and he must defeat it. He sees Elana as the Enchantress from the Stars who has come to test him, to prove he is worthy. One of the few science fiction books to win a Newbery Honor, this novel continues to enthrall readers of all ages. Critical acclaim for Enchantress from the Stars A Newbery Honor Book A Junior Library Guild selection An ALA Notable pick Winner of the Phoenix Award Finalist for the Book Sense Book of the Year Award"
Everything Is Illuminated by Jonathan Safran Foer. No description available
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close by Jonathan Safran Foer. No description available
Genome the Autobiography of a Species in 23 Chapters by Matt Ridley. No description available
"Bioinformatics Sequence and Genome Analysis by David W. Mount. As more species' genomes are sequenced, computational analysis of these data has become increasingly important. The second, entirely updated edition of this widely praised textbook provides a comprehensive and critical examination of the computational methods needed for analyzing DNA, RNA, and protein data, as well as genomes. The book has been rewritten to make it more accessible to a wider audience, including advanced undergraduate and graduate students. New features include chapter guides and explanatory information panels and glossary terms. New chapters in this second edition cover statistical analysis of sequence alignments, computer programming for bioinformatics, and data management and mining. Practically oriented problems at the ends of chapters enhance the value of the book as a teaching resource. The book also serves as an essential reference for professionals in molecular biology, pharmaceutical, and genome laboratories."
"The Genome War How Craig Venter Tried to Capture the Code of Life and Save the World by James Shreeve. The long awaited story of the science, the business, the politics, the intrigue behind the scenes of the most ferocious competition in the history of modern science the race to map the human genome. On May 10, 1998, biologist Craig Venter, director of the Institute for Genomic Research, announced that he was forming a private company that within three years would unravel the complete genetic code of human life seven years before the projected finish of the U.S. government s Human Genome Project. Venter hoped that by decoding the genome ahead of schedule, he would speed up the pace of biomedical research and save the lives of thousands of people. He also hoped to become very famous and very rich. Calling his company Celera from the Latin for speed , he assembled a small group of scientists in an empty building in Rockville, Maryland, and set to work. At the same time, the leaders of the government program, under the direction of Francis Collins, head of the National Human Genome Research Institute at the National Institutes of Health, began to mobilize an unexpectedly unified effort to beat Venter to the prize knowledge that had the potential to revolutionize medicine and society. The stage was set for one of the most thrilling and important dramas in the history of science. The Genome War is the definitive account of that drama the race for the greatest prize biology has had to offer, told by a writer with exclusive access to Venter s operation from start to finish. It is also the story of how one man s ambition created a scientific Camelot where, for a moment, it seemed that the competing interests of pure science and commercial profit might be gloriously reconciled and the national repercussions that resulted when that dream went awry."
Carter Beats the Devil by Glen David Gold. Harding and which could end up costing Carter the reputation he has worked so hard to create. BOOK JACKET.
Moo Baa La La La! by Sandra Boynton. No description available
Click Clack Moo Cows That Type by Doreen Cronin Betsy Lewin. No description available
Dooby Dooby Moo by Doreen Cronin Betsy Lewin. No description available
Moo by Jane Smiley. No description available
Sailor Moo Cow at Sea by Lisa Wheeler Ponder Goembel. No description available
"CliffsNotes on Heller's Catch 22 by Charles A. Peek CliffsNotes Joseph Heller. The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. CliffsNotes on Catch 22 takes you into this unforgettable novel that is full of satire, exaggeration, grotesque and comic caricatures, and telling allusions. Heller s main characters are two Jewish boys from Brooklyn at the end of World War II one from an orthodox family, one from a secular background. The growing friendship between the boys reflects the tensions within American society. With this study guide, you ll be able to follow the unique structure of the novel and supplement your reading with insights into the life and background of author Joseph Heller. Other features that help you study include Life and background of the author Character analyses of major players A character map that graphically illustrates the relationships among the characters Critical essays Review questions Classic literature or modern modern day treasure you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
Catch 22 by Joseph Heller. The story of a bombardier in World War II who is frantic and angry because thousands of people he does not know are trying to kill him.
Geisha by Liza Dalby. No description available
"Does Anything Eat Wasps? And 101 Other Unsettling Witty Answers to Questions You Never Thought You Wanted to Ask by New Scientist Mick O'Hare. How fat do you have to be to become bulletproof? Why do people have eyebrows? Why do pineapples have spines? How much does a head weigh? What affects the color of earwax? How quickly could I turn into a fossil? Have you ever thought up a question so completely off the wall, so seemingly ridiculous, that you couldn't even find the courage to ask it? Maybe at the sports bar you were transported by the beauty of your beer to wonder, How long could I live on beer alone? Or, cycling through the park, you mused, Did nature invent any wheels? Or looking up at the night sky, you had a moment of angst, What would happen if the moon suddenly disappeared if it were vaporized or stolen by aliens? Full of fun factlets, Does Anything Eat Wasps? is a runaway bestseller around the world. It celebrates the weird and wacky questions some trivial, some baffling, all unique and their multiple answers culled from The Last Word, a long running column in the internationally popular science magazine, New Scientist. Tackling the imponderables of everyday life, sparkling with humor, and bursting with delightful erudition, Does Anything Eat Wasps? is irresistibly entertaining and utterly engrossing. So, go on. Put away your lab coat and your pencil science is fun again."
Chronik eines angek ndigten Todes by Gabriel Garc a M rquez Curt Meyer Clason. No description available
The Complete Short Stories of Ernest Hemingway by Ernest Hemingway John Hemingway Patrick Hemingway Gregory H. Hemingway Charles Scribner Jr.. No description available
"Hemingway Bailey's Bartending Guide to Great American Writers by Mark Bailey Edward Hemingway. Ernest Hemingway, 1899 1961 was an American novelist and short story writer, awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1954. He was noted both for the intense masculinity of his writings and for his adventurous and widely publicized life. The Sun Also Rises, published in 1926, was his first novel and portrays American and British expatriates who travel from Paris to the Festival of San Ferm n in Pamplona to watch the running of the bulls and the bullfights. Hemingway was a very young writer when wrote this novel, however, The Sun Also Rises is recognized by many, as his most important novel."
For Whom The Bell Tolls by Ernest Hemingway. No description available
"A Moveable Feast by Ernest Hemingway. Start a vibrant journey through the bohemian streets of 1920s Paris in Ernest Hemingway's evocative memoir, 'A Moveable Feast'. Join Hemingway, the struggling expat journalist and writer, as he encounters a fascinating cast of characters, including literary luminaries such as Gertrude Stein, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Ezra Pound, and James Joyce. Through a series of standalone chapters, Hemingway shares intimate snapshots of his experiences, from his favorite caf on the Place St. Michel to the influential guidance of Gertrude Stein. Immerse yourself in the enchantment and allure of Hemingway's Paris, where creativity flourished and a generation found its voice."
Islands in the Stream by Ernest Hemingway. No description available
Berlin Blues by Sven Regener John Brownjohn. No description available
The Short Stories by Ernest Hemingway. No description available
Hemingway's Cats An Illustrated Biography by Carlene Fredericka Brennen Hilary Hemingway. No description available
"The Ernest Hemingway Audio Collection by Ernest Hemingway Charlton Heston. Both Ernest Hemingway and F. Scott Fitzgerald grew up in the Midwest and were strongly influenced by Romantic music, anchored by the aesthetic tastes of the German immigrants who settled across that region. Hemingway's ear for form and Fitzgerald's penchant for lyricism stem from early and frequent exposure to such masters as Johannes Brahms and Franz Schubert. Nostalgia is typically associated with romanticism, and the acoustic longing found in Hemingway and Fitzgerald's fiction resonates with it, characterized in the narrative voices in Hemingway's Winner Take Nothing, Fitzgerald's Tender Is the Night, and other of their fiction from the early thirties. Understanding that each writer has his own kind of musical biography charts new ways to read material we already think we know. Reading their work within a musico historical context means acknowledging it as an extension of the 19th century it means reading them as Romantic Modernists. This work reads each author's prose musically, considering how Romantic music inspired their craft and distinguished their work through the pivotal juncture of the early to mid 1930s, when each man faced an artistic crisis of conscience. Initial chapters provide background information in music history. Following chapters focus on how the life of each author was shaped by music and how they worked with specific influences that grew out of steady interactions with it, evidence of which is found in archival documents and collections."
Until I Find You by John Irving. No description available
"The Imaginary Girlfriend by John Irving. The nearest thing to an autobiography Irving has written . . . worth saving and savoring. Seattle Times Dedicated to the memory of two wrestling coaches and two writer friends, The Imaginary Girlfriend is John Irving's candid memoir of his twin careers in writing and wrestling. The award winning author of best selling novels from The World According to Garp to In One Person, Irving began writing when he was fourteen, the same age at which he began to wrestle at Exeter. He competed as a wrestler for twenty years, was certified as a referee at twenty four, and coached the sport until he was forty seven. Irving coached his sons Colin and Brendan to New England championship titles, a championship that he himself was denied. In an autobiography filled with the humor and compassion one finds in his fiction, Irving explores the interrelationship between the two disciplines of writing and wrestling, from the days when he was a beginner at both until his fourth wresting related surgery at the age of fifty three. Writing as a father and mentor, he offers a lucid portrait of those writers and wrestlers from Kurt Vonnegut to Ted Seabrooke who played a mentor role in his development as a novelist, wrestler, and wrestling coach. He reveals lessons he learned about the pursuit for which he is best known, writing. And, as the Denver Post observed, in filling his narrative with anecdotes that are every bit as hilarious as the antics in his novels, Irving combines the lessons of both obsessions wrestling and writing . . . into a somber reflection on the importance of living well."
The Fourth Hand by John Irving. No description available
"The Water Method Man by John Irving. John Irving, it is abundantly clear, is a true artist. Los Angeles Times Fred Bogus Trumper has troubles. A divorced, broke graduate student of Old Norse in 1970s New York, Trumper is a wayward knight errant in the battle of the sexes and the pursuit of happiness His ex wife has moved in with his childhood best friend, his life is the subject of a tell all movie, and his chronic urinary tract infection requires surgery. Trumper is determined to change. There's only one problem it seems the harder he tries to alter his adolescent ways, the more he is drawn to repeating the mistakes of the past. . . . Written when Irving was twenty nine, Trumper's tale of woe is told with all the wit and humor that would become Irving's trademark. Three or four times as funny as most novels. The New Yorker Praise for The Water Method Man Friendship, marriage, and family are his primary themes, but at that blundering level of life where mishap and folly something close to joyful malice perpetually intrude and distrupt, often fatally. Life, in John Irving's fiction, is always under siege. Harm and disarray are daily fare, as if the course of love could not run true. . . . Irving's multiple manner . . . his will to come at the world from different directions, is one of the outstandint traits of The World According to Garp, but this remarkable flair for . . . stories inside stories . . . isalready handled with mastery . . . and with a freedom almost wanton in The Water Method Man which is Garp's predecessor by six years . Terrence Des Pres Brutal reality and hallucination, comedy and pathos. A rich, unified tapestry. Time"
Setting Free the Bears by John Irving. No description available
The 158 Pound Marriage by John Irving. No description available
"The Short Stories by F. Scott Fitzgerald Matthew J. Bruccoli. Story of a Typhoon Off the Coast of Japan , The White Silence , To The Man On Trail , In a Far Country , An Odyssey of the North , Semper Idem , The Law of Life , A Relic of the Pliocene , Nam Bok the Unveracious , The One Thousand Dozen , To Build a Fire , Moon Face , Batard , The Story of Jees Uck , The League of the Old Men , Love of Life , The Sun Dog Trail , All Gold Canyon , A Day's Lodging , The Apostate , The Wit of Porportuk , The Unparalleled Invasion , To Build a Fire 1908 , The House of Pride , The House of Mapuhi , The Chinago , Lost Face , Koolau the Leper , Chun ah Chun , The Heathern , Mauki , The Strength of the Strong , South of the Slot , Samuel , A Piece of Steak , The Madness of Jahn Harned , The Night Born , War , Told in the Drooling Ward , Wonder of Woman , The Red One , On the Makaloa Mat , The Tears of Ah Kim , Shin Bones , When Alice Told Her Soul , Like Argus of the Ancient Times , The Princess , The Water Baby."
"A Life in Letters by F. Scott Fitzgerald Matthew J. Bruccoli. Surely his most interesting, plausibly his most memorable, and . . . arguably his best book The New York Times Book Review For John Steinbeck, who hated the telephone, letter writing was a preparation for work and a natural way for him to communicate his thoughts on people he liked and hated on marriage, women, and children on the condition of the world and on his progress in learning his craft. Opening with letters written during Steinbeck's early years in California, and closing with a 1968 note written in Sag Herbor, New York, Steinbeck A Life in Letters reveals the inner thoughts and rough character of this American author as nothing else has and as nothing else ever will. The reader will discover as much about the making of a writer and the creative process, as he will about Steinbeck. And that's a lot. Los Angeles Herald Examiner A rewarding book of enduring interest, this becomes a major part of the Steinbeck canon. The Wall Street Journal"
"On Authorship by F. Scott Fitzgerald Matthew J. Bruccoli Judith S. Baughman. The book sets out to disprove the assumption that when the world of publishing went corporate in the early decades of the twentieth century, it caused the ruin or at the very least, the dilution, of true literary works of art."
The St. Paul Stories of F. Scott Fitzgerald by F. Scott Fitzgerald Dave Page Patricia Hampl. No description available
Tender is the Night by F. Scott Fitzgerald Arnold Goldman Richard Godden. Tender Is the Night is the fourth and final novel completed by American writer F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was first published in Scribner s Magazine between January and April 1934 in four issues. The title is taken from the poem Ode to a Nightingale by John Keats.
The Great Gatsby by Kathleen Parkinson F. Scott Fitzgerald. No description available
"The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald Tim Robbins. The only edition of the beloved classic that is authorized by Fitzgerald s family and from his lifelong publisher. This edition is the enduring original text, updated with the author s own revisions, a foreword by his granddaughter, and with a new introduction by National Book Award winner Jesmyn Ward. The Great Gatsby, F. Scott Fitzgerald s third book, stands as the supreme achievement of his career. First published by Scribner in 1925, this quintessential novel of the Jazz Age has been acclaimed by generations of readers. The story of the mysteriously wealthy Jay Gatsby and his love for the beautiful Daisy Buchanan is an exquisitely crafted tale of America in the 1920s."
The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald Alexander Scourby. No description available
Cliffs Notes on Fitzgerald's the Great Gatsby by Kate Maurer F. Scott Fitzgerald CliffsNotes. No description available
The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald. No description available
"Limitations Kindle County Legal Thriller 7 by Scott Turow. From the 1 New York Times bestselling author of Presumed Innocent comes a compelling new legal mystery featuring George Mason from Personal Injuries. Originally commissioned and published by The New York Times Magazine, this edition contains additional material. Life would seem to have gone well for George Mason. His days as a criminal defense lawyer are long behind him. At fifty nine, he has sat as a judge on the Court of Appeals in Kindle County for nearly a decade. Yet, when a disturbing rape case is brought before him, the judge begins to question the very nature of the law and his role within it. What is troubling George Mason so deeply? Is it his wife's recent diagnosis? Or the strange and threatening e mails he has started to receive? And what is it about this horrific case of sexual assault, now on trial in his courtroom, that has led him to question his fitness to judge? In Limitations, Scott Turow, the master of the legal thriller, returns to Kindle County with a page turning entertainment that asks the biggest questions of all. Ingeniously, and with great economy of style, Turow probes the limitations not only of the law but of human understanding itself."
"Reversible Errors Kindle County Legal Thriller 6 by Scott Turow. Further complicating the situation is the fact that Gillian Sullivan, the judge who originally found Rommy guilty, is only recently out of prison herself, having served time for taking bribes. BOOK JACKET."
"The Laws Of Our Fathers Kindle County Legal Thriller 4 by Scott Turow. A drive by shooting of an aging white woman at a gang plagued Kindle County housing project sets in motion Scott Turow's intensely absorbing novel, The Laws of our Fathers. With its riveting suspense and indelibly drawn characters, this novel shows why Turow is not only the master of the modern legal thriller but also one of America's most engaging and satisfying novelists."
"Personal Injuries Kindle County Legal Thriller 5 by Scott Turow. Robbie Feaver is a successful personal injury lawyer, with a burgeoning practice, a way with the ladies and a beautiful wife he loves who is dying of an incurable illness. He also has a secret bank account where he occasionally deposits funds which make their way into the pockets of judges who decide Robbie's cases. Robbie is apprehended and, in exchange for leniency, agrees to 'wear a wire' as he continues to try to fix decisions. The FBI agent assigned to supervise him goes by the alias of Evon Miller. She is stocky, lonely, uncomfortable in her skin, and impervious to Robbie's charms. And she carries secrets of her own ..."
"One L The Turbulent True Story of a First Year at Harvard Law School by Scott Turow. One L, Scott Turow's journal of his first year at law school and a best seller when it was first published in 1977, has gone on to become a virtual bible for prospective law students. Not only does it introduce with remarkable clarity the ideas and issues that are the stuff of legal education it brings alive the anxiety and competiveness with others and, even more, with oneself that set the tone in this crucible of character building. Each September, a new crop of students enter Harvard Law School to begin an intense, often grueling, sometimes harrowing year of introduction to the law. Turow's group of One Ls are fresh, bright, ambitious, and more than a little daunting. Even more impressive are the faculty. Will the One Ls survive? Will they excel? Will they make the Law Review, the outward and visible sign of success in this ultra conservative microcosm? With remarkable insight into both his fellows and himself, Turow leads us through the ups and downs, the small triumphs and tragedies of the year, in an absorbing and thought provoking narrative that teaches the reader not only about law school and the law but about the human beings who make them what they are. In the new afterword for this edition of One L, the author looks back on law school from the perspective of ten years' work as a lawyer and offers some suggestions for reforming legal education."
"Ultimate Punishment by Scott Turow. America's leading writer about the law takes a close, incisive look at one of society's most vexing legal issues Scott Turow is known to millions as the author of peerless novels about the troubling regions of experience where law and reality intersect. In real life, as a respected criminal lawyer, he has been involved with the death penalty for more than a decade, including successfully representing two different men convicted in death penalty prosecutions. In this vivid account of how his views on the death penalty have evolved, Turow describes his own experiences with capital punishment from his days as an impassioned young prosecutor to his recent service on the Illinois commission which investigated the administration of the death penalty and influenced Governor George Ryan's unprecedented commutation of the sentences of 164 death row inmates on his last day in office. Along the way, he provides a brief history of America's ambivalent relationship with the ultimate punishment, analyzes the potent reasons for and against it, including the role of the victims' survivors, and tells the powerful stories behind the statistics, as he moves from the Governor's Mansion to Illinois' state of the art 'super max' prison and the execution chamber. Ultimate Punishment, this gripping, clear sighted, necessary examination of the principles, the personalities, and the politics of a fundamental dilemma of our democracy has all the drama and intellectual substance of Turow's celebrated fiction."
"The Physician Cole Family Trilogy 1 by Noah Gordon. The New York Times bestselling author s historical saga of a family of healers from Dark Ages London to Civil War America to modern day Boston. In The Physician, an orphan in eleventh century London, Robert Cole, becomes a fast talking swindler. As he matures, his strange gift an acute sensitivity to impending death never leaves him, and he yearns to become a healer. Arab madrassas are the only authentic medical schools, and he makes his perilous way to Persia. Christians are barred from Muslim schools, but by claiming he is a Jew, he studies under the world s most renowned physician, Avicenna. Cole s journey and love for a woman who must struggle against her only rival medicine make The Physician a riveting modern classic. In Shaman, Dr. Robert Judson Cole, nineteenth century descendent of the first Robert Cole, travels from his ravaged Scottish homeland, through the operating rooms of antebellum Boston, to the cabins of frontier Illinois. In the wilderness he befriends the starving remnants of the Sauk tribe, who have fled their reservation. In the process, he absorbs their culture and learns native remedies that enrich his classical medical education. He marries a remarkable settler woman he had saved from illness. The Cole family is drawn into the bloody vortex of the Civil War, and their determination to survive in the midst of wilderness and violence will stay with the reader long after the final page. In Matters of Choice, Roberta Jeanne d Arc Cole is the latest first born descendant of Dr. Robert Cole. Favored to be named associate chief of medicine at a Boston hospital, she is married to a surgeon and owns a trophy residence in Cambridge as well as a summer house. But everything melts away. Her gender and her work at an abortion clinic cost her the hospital appointment. Her marriage fails. Crushed, she goes to her farmhouse in western Massachusetts, thinking to sell it, and finds an unexpected life. How she continues to fight for every woman s right to choose, while acknowledging her own ticking clock and maternal yearning, makes this prize winning third story of the Cole trilogy relevant and unforgettable."
"Matters of Choice Cole Family Trilogy 3 by Noah Gordon Mirjana Cveki Ljiljana Cveki. The New York Times bestselling author s historical saga of a family of healers from Dark Ages London to Civil War America to modern day Boston. In The Physician, an orphan in eleventh century London, Robert Cole, becomes a fast talking swindler. As he matures, his strange gift an acute sensitivity to impending death never leaves him, and he yearns to become a healer. Arab madrassas are the only authentic medical schools, and he makes his perilous way to Persia. Christians are barred from Muslim schools, but by claiming he is a Jew, he studies under the world s most renowned physician, Avicenna. Cole s journey and love for a woman who must struggle against her only rival medicine make The Physician a riveting modern classic. In Shaman, Dr. Robert Judson Cole, nineteenth century descendent of the first Robert Cole, travels from his ravaged Scottish homeland, through the operating rooms of antebellum Boston, to the cabins of frontier Illinois. In the wilderness he befriends the starving remnants of the Sauk tribe, who have fled their reservation. In the process, he absorbs their culture and learns native remedies that enrich his classical medical education. He marries a remarkable settler woman he had saved from illness. The Cole family is drawn into the bloody vortex of the Civil War, and their determination to survive in the midst of wilderness and violence will stay with the reader long after the final page. In Matters of Choice, Roberta Jeanne d Arc Cole is the latest first born descendant of Dr. Robert Cole. Favored to be named associate chief of medicine at a Boston hospital, she is married to a surgeon and owns a trophy residence in Cambridge as well as a summer house. But everything melts away. Her gender and her work at an abortion clinic cost her the hospital appointment. Her marriage fails. Crushed, she goes to her farmhouse in western Massachusetts, thinking to sell it, and finds an unexpected life. How she continues to fight for every woman s right to choose, while acknowledging her own ticking clock and maternal yearning, makes this prize winning third story of the Cole trilogy relevant and unforgettable."
The Rabbi by Noah Gordon. No description available
The Last Jew by Noah Gordon Mirjana Cveki Ljiljana Cveki. No description available
The Frequencies by Noah Eli Gordon. No description available
"Cham n Familia Cole 2 by Noah Gordon Elsa Mateo. Un incre ble don que enlaza a varias generaciones. Un viaje lleno de amor, descubrimiento, guerra y vida. Cham n, secuela de El m dico, de Noah Gordon, sigue la estela de su predecesora y explora los desaf os de una poca convulsa y llena de conflictos. Norteam rica, siglo XIX. V stago de una familia que ha practicado la medicina a lo largo de los a os, el doctor Robert Judson Cole abandona su Escocia natal buscando un mejor futuro. Tras trabajar con el eminente cirujano Oliver Wendell Holmes, continuar rumbo al Oeste americano junto a su hijo, Robert Jefferson Cole, con el que comparte la pasi n por el arte de sanar. Padre e hijo partir n hasta la frontera de Illinois y de all a las tierras de Gettysburg, castigadas por la guerra, un territorio que los colonos todav a no han podido arrebatar a los indios sauk. Dispuestos a estudiar las desconcertantes tradiciones curativas de los nativos americanos, aprendiendo de su cultura y sus remedios, padre e hijo parecen haber logrado asentarse. Sin embargo, no han contado con el v rtice sangriento de la Guerra de Secesi n, de la que nadie puede escapar..."
"The Talking Horse and the Sad Girl and the Village Under the Sea Poems by Mark Haddon. From the phenomenally bestselling author of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night time comes Mark Haddon s first collection of poems. The Talking Horse and the Sad Girl and the Village Under the Sea reveals a poet of great versatility and formal talent. All the gifts so admired in Haddon s prose are in strong evidence here the humanity, the dark humour, and the uncanny ventriloquism but Haddon is also a writer of considerable seriousness, lyric power, and surreal invention. This book will consolidate his reputation as one of the most imaginative writers in contemporary literature."
Ocean Star Express by Mark Haddon Peter Sutton. No description available
The Damned and the Beautiful American Youth in the 1920's by Paula S. Fass. No description available
"This Side of Paradise Paradise 1 by Steven L. Layne. Definitive novel of the Lost Generation focuses on the coming of age of Amory Blaine, a handsome, wealthy Princeton student. He exemplifies the young men and women of the 20s who grew up to find all Gods dead, all wars fought, all faiths in man shaken. Fitzgerald's first novel and an immediate, spectacular success."
Trimalchio by F. Scott Fitzgerald James L.W. West III. No description available
Souvenir of Canada 2 by Douglas Coupland. No description available
Souvenir of Canada by Douglas Coupland. No description available
The Illustrated Art of War by Sun Tzu Samuel B. Griffith. No description available
World War 3 Illustrated Confrontational Comics by Scott Cunningham Peter Kuper Seth Tobocman Sabrina Jones. No description available
Master Index An Illustrated Guide by Time Life Books. Master index to a series that chronicles in full the events of the American Civil War 1861 1865.
A New Hope The Illustrated Screenplay Star Wars Episode IV by George Lucas. No description available
"Soul of the Sword An Illustrated History of Weaponry and Warfare from Prehistory to the Present by Robert L. O'Connell John Batchelor. Mankind's history has been determined by war. And throughout history, the way that wars are won and lost, and whether they are fought at all, has been determined more by weapons than any other single force. Before there was man, there were weapons. In his investigation of arms and culture, noted military historian Robert O'Connell goes all the way back to the first weapons the claws, horns, and hooves of our evolutionary antecedents. Even then, a species' weaponry determined its future. So it has been for the human animal. From the ancient Assyrians' conquest of bronze, to the Toledo steel of the Spanish conquistadors, to the MIRV missiles of nuclear deterrence, the great weapons have set their own agendas. They continue to shape our culture and our lives today. THE SOUL OF THE SWORD gives world history from a club, gun, or aircraft carrier's perspective. Along the way, sidebars and drawings from premier military illustrator John Batchelor illuminate the weapons themselves. In this fascinating book O'Connell unearths the extraordinary weapons of our past, and explains our most basic weapons as never before. Our killing tools are much more than fearsome curiosities they are the engines of history."
Star Wars Episode 1 The Phantom Menace Illustrated Screenplay by George Lucas. No description available
Warfare in the Classical World An Illustrated Encyclopedia of Weapons Warriors and Warfare in the Ancient Civilizations of Greece and Rome by John Warry Phillip de ste. Croix. No description available
The Winter of Our Discontent by John Steinbeck Susan Shillinglaw. No description available
"Cannery Row by John Steinbeck. It all begins with a letter. Fall in love with Penguin Drop Caps, a new series of twenty six collectible and hardcover editions, each with a type cover showcasing a gorgeously illustrated letter of the alphabet. In a design collaboration between Jessica Hische and Penguin Art Director Paul Buckley, the series features unique cover art by Hische, a superstar in the world of type design and illustration, whose work has appeared everywhere from Tiffany Co. to Wes Anderson's recent film Moonrise Kingdom to Penguin's own bestsellers Committed and Rules of Civility. With exclusive designs that have never before appeared on Hische's hugely popular Daily Drop Cap blog, the Penguin Drop Caps series debuted with an 'A' for Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice, a 'B' for Charlotte Br nte's Jane Eyre, and a 'C' for Willa Cather's My ntonia. It continues with more perennial classics, perfect to give as elegant gifts or to showcase on your own shelves. S is for Steinbeck. Unburdened by the material necessities of the more fortunate, the denizens of Cannery Row discover rewards unknown in more traditional society. Henry the painter sorts through junk lots for pieces of wood to incorporate into the boat he is building, while the girls from Dora Flood s bordello venture out now and then to enjoy a bit of sunshine. Lee Chong stocks his grocery with almost anything a man could want, and Doc, a young marine biologist who ministers to sick puppies and unhappy souls, unexpectedly finds true love. Cannery Row is just a few blocks long, but the story it harbors is suffused with warmth, understanding, and a great fund of human values. First published in 1945, and drawn from Steinbeck's memories of real inhabitants of Monterey, California, Cannery Row focuses on the acceptance of life as it is both the loneliness of the individual and the exuberance of community."
The Grapes of Wrath and Other Writings 1936 1941 The Long Valley The Grapes of Wrath The Log from the Sea of Cortez The Harvest Gypsies by John Steinbeck Elaine Steinbeck Robert DeMott. No description available
Tortilla Flat by John Steinbeck. No description available
The Log from the Sea of Cortez by John Steinbeck Richard Astro. No description available
"The Illustrated Longitude The True Story of a Lone Genius Who Solved the Greatest Scientific Problem of His Time by Dava Sobel William J.H. Andrewes William J. H. Andrewes. Describes the forty year effort of John Harrison to invent the chronometer, the first instrument able to keep accurate time for navigational purposes."
"Longitude The True Story of a Lone Genius Who Solved the Greatest Scientific Problem of His Time by Dava Sobel Neil Armstrong. Describes the forty year effort of John Harrison to invent the chronometer, the first instrument able to keep accurate time for navigational purposes."
Latitude and Longitude Rookie Read About Geography by Rebecca Aberg Jeanne Clidas. No description available
The Quest for Longitude The Proceedings of the Longitude Symposium Harvard University Cambridge Massachusetts November 4 6 1993 by William Andrewes. No description available
1421 The Year China Discovered America by Gavin Menzies. No description available
"Dr. Desirable by Kristi Gold. Michelle Lewis had had her fill of smooth talking healers. But Dr. Nick Kempner was hard to resist...especially when the sexy single father invited her to his scenic lakefront home for some much needed R R. Beneath the PR guru's all work no play exterior was a caring, passionate woman Nick was determined to get to know...much, much better. Michelle was sending his hormones and his heart into overdrive, and he had the perfect cure. She'd just have to trust him. Doctor's orders."
"Mayflower A Story of Courage Community and War by Nathaniel Philbrick. A history of the Pilgrim settlement of New England challenges popular misconceptions, discussing such topics as the diseases of European origin suffered by the Wampanoag tribe, the fragile working relationship between the Pilgrims and their Native American neighbors, and the devastating impact of the King Philip's War. By the author of Sea of Glory. 450,000 first printing."
Before the Mayflower A History of Black America by Lerone Bennett Jr.. No description available
Before The Mayflower A History of Black America by Lerone Bennett Jr.. No description available
"Shalimar the Clown by Salman Rushdie. Los Angeles, 1991. Maximilian Ophuls is knifed to death on the doorstep of his illegitimate daughter India, slaughtered by his Kashmiri driver, a mysterious figure who calls himself Shalimar the Clown. The dead man is a World War II Resistance hero, a man of formidable intellectual ability and much erotic appeal, a former United States ambassador to India, and subsequently America's counter terrorism chief. The murder looks at first like a political assassination but turns out to be passionately personal."
Midnight's Children by Salman Rushdie. No description available
"Haroun and the Sea of Stories Khalifa Brothers 1 by Salman Rushdie Paul Birkbeck. This lively, inventive comic tale is set in an exotic Eastern landscape peopled by magicians and talking animals. Haroun's father is a storyteller but one day, the sea of stories dries up, so Haroun embarks on a journey to restore the sea of stories and save the world from silence."
Fury by Salman Rushdie. No description available
Code Complete by Steve McConnell. No description available
Dale Carnegie's Lifetime Plan for Success How to Win Friends and Influence People How to Stop Worrying and Start Living by Dale Carnegie. No description available
How to Stop Worrying and Start Living by Dale Carnegie. No description available
How To Enjoy Your Life And Your Job by Dale Carnegie Dorothy Carnegie. No description available
"The Leader In You How to Win Friends Influence People and Succeed in a Changing World by Dale Carnegie Stuart R. Levine Michael A. Crom. In The leader in you, coauthors Stuart R. Levine and Michael A. Crom apply the famed organization's time tested human relations principles to demonstrate how anyone, regardless of his or her job, can harness creativity and enthusiasm to work more productively. With insights from leading figures in the corporate, entertainment, sports, academic, and political arenas, and encompassing interviews and advice from such eminent authorities as Ford Motor Company's Lee lacocca and former prime minister Margaret Thatcher, this comprehensive step by step guide includes strategies to help you succeed in all aspects of your life."
The Drama of the Gifted Child The Search for the True Self by Alice Miller Ruth Ward. No description available
The Drama of the Gifted Child The Search for the True Self by Alice Miller. No description available
"Who Moved My Cheese? by Spencer Johnson Kenneth H. Blanchard. THE 1 INTERNATIONAL BESTSELLER WITH OVER 28 MILLION COPIES IN PRINT! A timeless business classic, Who Moved My Cheese? uses a simple parable to reveal profound truths about dealing with change so that you can enjoy less stress and more success in your work and in your life. It would be all so easy if you had a map to the Maze. If the same old routines worked. If they'd just stop moving The Cheese. But things keep changing... Most people are fearful of change, both personal and professional, because they don't have any control over how or when it happens to them. Since change happens either to the individual or by the individual, Dr. Spencer Johnson, the coauthor of the multimillion bestseller The One Minute Manager, uses a deceptively simple story to show that when it comes to living in a rapidly changing world, what matters most is your attitude. Exploring a simple way to take the fear and anxiety out of managing the future, Who Moved My Cheese? can help you discover how to anticipate, acknowledge, and accept change in order to have a positive impact on your job, your relationships, and every aspect of your life."
Blue Ocean Strategy How to Create Uncontested Market Space and Make the Competition Irrelevant by W. Chan Kim Ren e Mauborgne. No description available
Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad. No description available
Heart of Darkness and Other Tales by Joseph Conrad Cedric Watts. No description available
"Teacher Man Frank McCourt 3 by Frank McCourt. Available at last in paperback is Frank McCourt's critically acclaimed, Pulitzer Prize winning bestseller about how his 30 year teaching career in the public schools of New York City shaped his second act as a writer."
"Angela's Ashes by Frank McCourt. A Memoir, about Irish Americans."
Three Men in a Boat Three Men 1 by Jerome K. Jerome. An unabridged edition to include original illustrations by A. Frederics
Three Men in a Boat To Say Nothing of the Dog by Jerome K. Jerome. No description available
"Three Men in a Boat by Jerome K. Jerome. How is this book unique? Font adjustments biography included Unabridged 100 Original content Illustrated About Three Men In A Boat by Jerome K. Jerome Three Men in a Boat is a humorous account by English writer Jerome K. Jerome of a boating holiday on the Thames between Kingston and Oxford. The book was initially intended to be a serious travel guide, with accounts of local history along the route, but the humorous elements took over to the point where the serious and somewhat sentimental passages seem a distraction to the comic novel. One of the most praised things about Three Men in a Boat is how undated it appears to modern readers the jokes seem fresh and witty even today. The three men are based on Jerome himself and two real life friends, George Wingrave who would become a senior manager at Barclays Bank and Carl Hentschel the founder of a London printing business, called Harris in the book , with whom J. often took boating trips. The dog, Montmorency, is entirely fictional but, as Jerome admits, developed out of that area of inner consciousness which, in all Englishmen, contains an element of the dog. The trip is a typical boating holiday of the time in a Thames camping skiff. This was just after commercial boat traffic on the Upper Thames had died out, replaced by the 1880s craze for boating as a leisure activity."
"Three Men in a Boat and Three Men on the Bummel by Jerome K. Jerome Jeremy Lewis. Three Men on the Bummel is the sequel to Three Men in a Boat, which Jerome K. Jerome originally wrote as a travel guide. As the humorous anecdotes took over the story, it eventually turned into a masterpiece of comedy. This novel reprises the same three characters as they explore the Black Forest in Germany."
Kafka on the Shore by Haruki Murakami Philip Gabriel. No description available
The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Constance Garnett Manuel Komroff John Bayley. No description available
The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Fyodor Dostoevsky Richard Pevear Larissa Volokhonsky. No description available
The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky David McDuff. No description available
"The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Richard Pevear Larissa Volokhonsky. Winner of the Pen Book of the Month Club Translation Prize The award winning translation of Fyodor Dostoevsky's classic novel of psychological realism. The Brothers Karamazov is a murder mystery, a courtroom drama, and an exploration of erotic rivalry in a series of triangular love affairs involving the wicked and sentimental Fyodor Pavlovich Karamazov and his three sons the impulsive and sensual Dmitri the coldly rational Ivan and the healthy, red cheeked young novice Alyosha. Through the gripping events of their story, Dostoevsky portrays the whole of Russian life, is social and spiritual striving, in what was both the golden age and a tragic turning point in Russian culture. This award winning translation by Richard Pevear and Larissa Volokhonsky remains true to the verbal inventiveness of Dostoevsky s prose, preserving the multiple voices, the humor, and the surprising modernity of the original. It is an achievement worthy of Dostoevsky s last and greatest novel."
"The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Simon Vance Thomas R. Beyer Jr.. Winner of the Pen Book of the Month Club Translation Prize The award winning translation of Fyodor Dostoevsky's classic novel of psychological realism. The Brothers Karamazov is a murder mystery, a courtroom drama, and an exploration of erotic rivalry in a series of triangular love affairs involving the wicked and sentimental Fyodor Pavlovich Karamazov and his three sons the impulsive and sensual Dmitri the coldly rational Ivan and the healthy, red cheeked young novice Alyosha. Through the gripping events of their story, Dostoevsky portrays the whole of Russian life, is social and spiritual striving, in what was both the golden age and a tragic turning point in Russian culture. This award winning translation by Richard Pevear and Larissa Volokhonsky remains true to the verbal inventiveness of Dostoevsky s prose, preserving the multiple voices, the humor, and the surprising modernity of the original. It is an achievement worthy of Dostoevsky s last and greatest novel."
"The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Constance Garnett Maire Jaanus. Winner of the Pen Book of the Month Club Translation Prize The award winning translation of Fyodor Dostoevsky's classic novel of psychological realism. The Brothers Karamazov is a murder mystery, a courtroom drama, and an exploration of erotic rivalry in a series of triangular love affairs involving the wicked and sentimental Fyodor Pavlovich Karamazov and his three sons the impulsive and sensual Dmitri the coldly rational Ivan and the healthy, red cheeked young novice Alyosha. Through the gripping events of their story, Dostoevsky portrays the whole of Russian life, is social and spiritual striving, in what was both the golden age and a tragic turning point in Russian culture. This award winning translation by Richard Pevear and Larissa Volokhonsky remains true to the verbal inventiveness of Dostoevsky s prose, preserving the multiple voices, the humor, and the surprising modernity of the original. It is an achievement worthy of Dostoevsky s last and greatest novel."
CliffsNotes on Dostoevsky's The Brothers Karamazov by James Lamar Roberts Gary Carey. No description available
Hungry Planet by Peter Menzel Faith D'Aluisio. No description available
The Very Hungry Caterpillar by Eric Carle. No description available
The Little Mouse the Red Ripe Strawberry and the Big Hungry Bear by Don Wood. No description available
"One Hundred Hungry Ants by Elinor J. Pinczes Bonnie Mackain. This tale of ants parading toward a picnic is one of those rare gems capable of entertaining while it instructs Middlesex News . One hundred hungry ants march off single file to sample a picnic, but when the going gets too slow, they divide into two rows of fifty, then four rows of twenty five . . . until they take so long that the picnic is gone! The unexpected pairing of sophisticated art and light hearted text lends this book particular distinction. Publishers Weekly The illustrations . . . use a pleasing palette and energetic lines to depict ants with highly individual characters. Horn Book"
The Hungry Tide by Amitav Ghosh. No description available
Feeding the Hungry Heart The Experience of Compulsive Eating by Geneen Roth. No description available
What Is the What by Dave Eggers. No description available
"A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius by Dave Eggers. Exhilarating Profoundly moving, occasionally angry, and often hilarious...A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius is, finally, a finite book of jest, which is why it succeeds so brilliantly The New York Times Book Review . A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius is the unique, moving memoir of a college senior who, in the space of five weeks, loses both of his parents to cancer and inherits his eight year old brother. In his distinctive style unlike any other memoir, Egger's story is an exhilarating debut that manages to be simultaneously hilarious and wildly inventive, as well as a deeply heartfelt story of the love that holds a family together."
You Shall Know Our Velocity! by Dave Eggers. No description available
How We Are Hungry by Dave Eggers. No description available
How We Are Hungry Stories by Dave Eggers. No description available
"Merry Christmas Stinky Face by Lisa McCourt Cyd Moore. Fans of I Love You, Stinky Face, will love spending Christmas with their favorite pal! Fans of I Love You, Stinky Face, will love this Christmas story! Stinky Face loves Christmastime...but he still has plenty of questions. What if a big, wintry wind blows his Christmas tree away? What if one of the reindeer gets his antlers stuck in the branches that hang over the roof? Luckily, his imaginative Mama knows how to reassure him that Christmas will be magical! Now for the first time in 8x8I Love You, Stinky Face has sold over 1 million copies and still counting!"
"Love You Until by Lisa McCourt Cyd Moore. This gorgeously written and illustrated gift book will take you on a love quest across the globe. The perfect present for those who matter most. You ll get lost in the images, find love in the message and enjoy an extended glossary of iconic sights within this beautiful world. Escape to a place where love is limitless"
Year of Wonders by Geraldine Brooks. No description available
The Wonder Years Helping Your Baby and Young Child Successfully Negotiate the Major Developmental Milestones by Tanya Remer Altmann American Academy of Pediatrics. From America's premier pediatric authority and the organization behind Caring for Your Baby and Young Child comes an accessible and essential handbook for helping parents guide their children's development through the first five years of life.
"Wolves of the Calla The Dark Tower 5 by Stephen King Bernie Wrightson. Now a major motion picture starring Matthew McConaughey and Idris Elba Wolves of the Calla is the highly anticipated fifth book in Stephen King s Dark Tower series a unique bestselling epic fantasy quest inspired many years ago by The Lord of the Rings. Set in a world of extraordinary circumstances, filled with stunning visual imagery and unforgettable characters, the Dark Tower series is unlike anything you have ever read. Here is the fifth installment."
A Man Without a Country by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. Daniel Simon. No description available
Slaughterhouse Five by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. No description available
Kurt Vonnegut's Cat's Cradle Modern Critical Interpretations by Harold Bloom Terry Southern David H. Goldsmith James Lundquist Lawrence R. Broer Peter J. Reed Loree Rackstraw William S. Doxey Jerome Klinkowitz Richard Giannone John L. Simons Leonard Mustazza Zoltan Ab di Nagy Peter Freese Wendy B. Faris. Kurt Vonnegut is one of the most popular and admired authors of post war American literaturefamous both for his playful and deceptively simple style as well as for his scathing critiques of social injustice and war. Criti.
God Bless You Dr. Kevorkian by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. No description available
"Jailbird by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Kurt Vonnegut has never been more satirically on target. . . . Nothing is spared. People Jailbird takes us into a fractured and comic, pure Vonnegut world of high crimes and misdemeanors in government and in the heart. This wry tale follows bumbling bureaucrat Walter F. Starbuck from Harvard to the Nixon White House to the penitentiary as Watergate s least known co conspirator. But the humor turns dark when Vonnegut shines his spotlight on the cold hearts and calculated greed of the mighty, giving a razor sharp edge to an unforgettable portrait of power and politics in our times. Praise for Jailbird Vonnegut is our strongest writer . . . the most stubbornly imaginative. John Irving A gem . . . a mature, imaginative novel possibly the best he has written . . . Jailbird is a guided tour de force of America. Take it! Playboy A profoundly humane comedy . . . Jailbird definitely mounts up on angelic wings in its speed, in its sparkle, and in its high flying intent. Chicago Tribune Book World Joyously inventive . . . gleams with the loony magic Vonnegut alone can achieve. Cosmopolitan Vonnegut is our great apocalyptic writer, the closest thing we ve had to a prophet since . . . Lenny Bruce. Chicago Sun Times Vonnegut at his impressive best. . . . His imaginative leaps alone . . . are worth the price of admission. . . . His far reaching metaphysical and cultural concerns . . . are ultimately serious and worth our contemplation. The Washington Post"
Fates Worse Than Death by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. No description available
"The Red Tent by Anita Diamant. Based on the Book of Genesis, Dinah shares her perspective on religious practices and sexul politics."
Inside the Red Tent by Sandra Hack Polaski. No description available
"Anita Diamant's The Red Tent A Reader's Guide by Ann Finding. A Study Guide for Anita Diamant's The Red Tent, excerpted from Gale's acclaimed Novels for Students. This concise study guide includes plot summary character analysis author biography study questions historical context suggestions for further reading and much more. For any literature project, trust Novels for Students for all of your research needs."
La Jeune fille la perle by Tracy Chevalier Marie Odile Fortier Masek. No description available
"Iron Kingdom The Rise and Downfall of Prussia 1600 1947 by Christopher Clark. In the aftermath of World War II and in the Allies eagerness to erase all traces of the Third Reich from the earth, Prussia ceased to exist as a country. But as Clark reveals in this pioneering, gripping history, Prussia enjoyed a fascinating, influential, and critical role throughout the world."
"Downfall Dragonlance Dhamon Saga 1 by Jean Rabe. A one time Hero of the Heart, Dhamon Grimwulf has descended into a life of crime, bitterness, and squalor, but as the dragon overlords of the Fifth Age plot to destroy their enemies, he, with the help of his former comrades, must redeem himself from his self destructive life. Reprint."
Berlin The Downfall 1945 by Antony Beevor. No description available
"El azul de la virgen by Tracy Chevalier. La joven Isabelle du Moulin vive fascinada por el profundo color azul de la hornacina de la Virgen de la iglesia del pueblo. Son malos tiempos para admirar un icono cat lico en la Francia del siglo XVI, el protestantismo libra una lucha feroz contra la vieja religi n romana... Un d a, mientras la observa extasiada, el reflejo del sol le vuelve s bitamente el cabello rojo. No puede saber entonces de qu modo esos dos colores, el rojo de su pelo y el azul de la Virgen, marcar n su vida. Cuatrocientos a os m s tarde, Ella Turner llega al mismo pueblo. Guiada por unos extra os sue os y con la ayuda del bibliotecario, buscar el rastro del pasado hasta desentra ar el secreto familiar que ha permanecido escondido durante siglos."
"Saturday by Ian McEwan. Dazzling. . . . Profound and urgent Observer A book of great maturity, beautifully alive to the fragility of happiness and all forms of violence. . . . Everyone should read Saturday Financial Times Saturday, February 15, 2003. Henry Perowne, a successful neurosurgeon, stands at his bedroom window before dawn and watches a plane ablaze with fire like a meteor arcing across the London sky. Over the course of the following day, unease gathers about Perowne, as he moves among hundreds of thousands of anti war protestors who ve taken to the streets in the aftermath of 9 11. A minor car accident brings him into confrontation with Baxter, a fidgety, aggressive man, who to Perowne s professional eye appears to be profoundly unwell. But it is not until Baxter makes a sudden appearance at the Perowne family home that Henry s earlier fears seem about to be realized. . ."
"I Love Saturdays y domingos by Alma Flor Ada Elivia Savadier. Saturdays and Sundays are very special days for the child in this story. On Saturdays, she visits Grandma and Grandpa, who come from a European American background, and on Sundays los domingos she visits Abuelito y Abuelita, who are Mexican American. While the two sets of grandparents are different in many ways, they also have a great deal in common in particular, their love for their granddaughter. While we follow our narrator to the circus and the pier, share stories from her grandparents' pasts, and celebrate her birthday, the depth and joy of both cultures are conveyed in Spanish and English. This affirmation of both heritages will speak to all children who want to know more about their own families and ethnic backgrounds."
"A Dangerous Fortune by Ken Follett. A breathtaking thriller featuring political and amorous intrigues, cold blooded murder, and financial crises San Francisco Chronicle , from the 1 New York Times bestselling author of A Column of Fire In 1866, tragedy strikes the exclusive Windfield School when a young student drowns in a mysterious accident. His death and its aftermath initiate a spiraling circle of treachery that will span three decades and entwine many lives. From the exclusive men s clubs and brothels that cater to every dark desire of London s upper class to the dazzling ballrooms and mahogany paneled suites of the manipulators of the world s wealth, one family is splintered by a shared legacy. But greed, fed by the shocking truth of a boy s death, must be stopped, or the dreams of a nation will die. Praise for A Dangerous Fortune A terrific page turner. Los Angeles Times Political and amorous intrigues, cold blooded murder, and financial crises . . . old fashioned entertainment. San Francisco Chronicle Breathlessly plotted . . . relentlessly suspenseful. The New York Times Gripping, complex plot . . . sexual intrigue . . . fascinating characters . . . You won t be able to put down this exciting page turner. Lexington Herald Leader Follett builds to a dramatic climax with the same masterful control that guided Eye of the Needle and The Pillars of the Earth. Playboy I don t usually enjoy historical thrillers but admit to being totally captivated by Ken Follett s A Dangerous Fortune. Chicago Tribune Highly entertaining . . . Follett s characters are drawn with broad, realistic strokes . . . this story of greed and retribution should win Follett new fans. Publishers Weekly Rich, complex, thrilling, suspenseful, well plotted . . . A Dangerous Fortune is dangerous reading. You won t be able to put it down. Authors and Critics"
The Man From St. Petersburg by Ken Follett. No description available
Night Over Water by Ken Follett. No description available
The Truth about the Drug Companies How They Deceive Us and What to Do about It by Marcia Angell. No description available
La verdad acerca de las Industrias Farmac uticas c mo nos enga a y qu hacer al respecto by Marcia Angell. No description available
Jackdaws by Ken Follett. No description available
"Whiteout by Ken Follett David Tennant. Atlanta is blanketed with snow just before Christmas, but the warmth of young love just might melt the ice in this novel of Black joy, and cozy, sparkling romance by the same unbeatable team of authors who wrote the New York Times bestseller Blackout! As the city grinds to a halt, twelve teens band together to help a friend pull off the most epic apology of her life. But will they be able to make it happen, in spite of the storm? No one is prepared for this whiteout. But then, we can t always prepare for the magical moments that change everything. From the bestselling, award winning, all star authors who brought us Blackout Dhonielle Clayton, Tiffany D. Jackson, Nic Stone, Angie Thomas, Ashley Woodfolk, and Nicola Yoon comes another novel of Black teen love, each relationship within as unique and sparkling as Southern snowflakes."
Battle Angel Alita Last Order Angel's Vision Vol. 08 by Yukito Kishiro. No description available
Battle Angel Alita Last Order Guilty Angel Vol. 07 by Yukito Kishiro. No description available
Gunnm Last Order Tome 01 by Yukito Kishiro. No description available
"Your Inner Physician and You CranioSacral Therapy and SomatoEmotional Release by John E. Upledger. This lively book describes the discovery and therapeutic value of the craniosacral system in easy, understandable terms healthcare professionals and laypeople alike can understand. Dr. Upledger's colorful case histories explain the path that led to his discovery of this exciting medical modality. The book contains a play by play account of the development of CranioSacral Therapy, SomatoEmotional Release, and other concepts and techniques. It's recommended reading for therapists, patients, caregivers, and anyone interested in understanding how therapy performed on the craniosacral system can improve the quality of life."
"My Life in France by Julia Child Alex Prud'Homme. The legendary food expert describes her years in Paris, Marseille, and Provence and her journey from a young woman who could not cook or speak any French to the publication of her cookbooks and becoming The French Chef."
"A Short History of Nearly Everything Illustrated Edition by Bill Bryson. One of the world s most beloved and bestselling writers takes his ultimate journey into the most intriguing and intractable questions that science seeks to answer. In A Walk in the Woods, Bill Bryson trekked the Appalachian Trail well, most of it. In In A Sunburned Country, he confronted some of the most lethal wildlife Australia has to offer. Now, in his biggest book, he confronts his greatest challenge to understand and, if possible, answer the oldest, biggest questions we have posed about the universe and ourselves. Taking as territory everything from the Big Bang to the rise of civilization, Bryson seeks to understand how we got from there being nothing at all to there being us. To that end, he has attached himself to a host of the world s most advanced and often obsessed archaeologists, anthropologists, and mathematicians, travelling to their offices, laboratories, and field camps. He has read or tried to read their books, pestered them with questions, apprenticed himself to their powerful minds. A Short History of Nearly Everything is the record of this quest, and it is a sometimes profound, sometimes funny, and always supremely clear and entertaining adventure in the realms of human knowledge, as only Bill Bryson can render it. Science has never been more involving or entertaining."
The Drawing of the Three The Dark Tower 2 by Stephen King. Series numbering on title page and cover appears as a Roman numeral.
The Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood Valerie Martin. No description available
The Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood. No description available
The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger. No description available
"The Catcher in the Rye Barron's Book Notes by Barron's. A guide to reading Catcher in the Rye with a critical and appreciative mind. Includes background on the author's life and times, sample tests, term paper suggestions, and a reading list."
"Franny and Zooey by J.D. Salinger. Perhaps the best book by the foremost stylist of his generation New York Times , J. D. Salinger's Franny and Zooey collects two works of fiction about the Glass family originally published in The New Yorker. Everything everybody does is so I don't know not wrong, or even mean, or even stupid necessarily. But just so tiny and meaningless and sad making. And the worst part is, if you go bohemian or something crazy like that, you're conforming just as much only in a different way. A novel in two halves, Franny and Zooey brilliantly captures the emotional strains and traumas of entering adulthood. It is a gleaming example of the wit, precision, and poignancy that have made J. D. Salinger one of America's most beloved writers."
Raise High the Roof Beam Carpenters Seymour An Introduction by J.D. Salinger. No description available
The Doors of Perception Heaven and Hell by Aldous Huxley. Two classic texts in one volume reveal Huxley's explorations into the mind's remote frontiers and the unmapped areas of human consciousness.
"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley. Set far in the future, Aldous Huxley s Brave New World depicts a world where Controllers have achieved what they believe to be the ideal society. Through scientific and genetic breakthroughs the human race has been brought to perfection humans have pre assigned roles in society, and everyone happily fulfills their purpose. Bernard Marx, however, is different. He is disgusted by the predestined behaviour of his peers and has a strong desire to break free from social pressures, leading him to set off on a journey to visit one of the few remaining Savage Reservations places where the old, flawed, and imperfect life still continues. Inspired by the popularity of utopian novels at the time Aldous Huxley created a dystopian vision of what our world might one day become and readers will be terrified to discover that some of his predictions may have already come true. Brave New World has twice been adapted for film, most recently in 1998 as a television movie starring Peter Gallagher and Leonard Nimoy. HarperPerennial Classics brings great works of literature to life in digital format, upholding the highest standards in ebook production and celebrating reading in all its forms. Look for more titles in the HarperPerennial Classics collection to build your digital library."
Island by Aldous Huxley. No description available
The Perennial Philosophy by Aldous Huxley. No description available
"Huxley and God Essays on Religious Experience by Aldous Huxley Huston Smith Jacqueline Hazard Bridgeman. This volume of essays, written with the authors trademark elegance and wit, tackles subjects such as Action and Contemplation, Religion and Time, Reflections on the Lord's Prayer, and Notes on Zen."
"Moksha Writings on Psychedelics the Visionary Experience by Aldous Huxley Michael Horowitz Cynthia Palmer. Moksha, a Sanskrit word meaning liberation, is a collection of the prophetic and visionary writings of Aldous Huxley. Included are selections from his acclaimed novels Brave New World and Island, envisioning the use of psychedelics as a stabilizing influence, and pieces from The Doors of Perception and Heaven and Hell, his famous works on consciousness expansion."
Point Counter Point by Aldous Huxley. No description available
After Many a Summer Dies the Swan by Aldous Huxley. No description available
"The Flame Trees of Thika Memories of an African Childhood by Elspeth Huxley. In an open cart Elspeth Huxley set off with her parents to travel to Thika in Kenya. As pioneering settlers, they built a house of grass, ate off a damask cloth spread over packing cases, and discovered the hard way the world of the African. With an extraordinary gift for detail and a keen sense of humor, Huxley recalls her childhood on the small farm at a time when Europeans waged their fortunes on a land that was as harsh as it was beautiful. For a young girl, it was a time of adventure and freedom, and Huxley paints an unforgettable portrait of growing up among the Masai and Kikuyu people, discovering both the beauty and the terrors of the jungle, and enduring the rugged realities of the pioneer life."
"The Devil Wears Prada The Devil Wears Prada 1 by Lauren Weisberger. 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER SOON TO BE A MUSICAL STARRING VANESSA WILLIAMS The iconic novel that inspired the hit movie starring Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway a gloriously wicked story about the ultimate Boss from Hell and the deals we make with the devil to get to the top The degree to which The Devil Wears Prada has penetrated pop culture needs no explanation. Vanity Fair Andrea Sachs, a small town girl fresh out of college, lands the job a million girls would die for. Hired as the assistant to Miranda Priestly, the high profile, fabulously successful editor of Runway magazine, Andrea finds herself in an office that shouts Prada! Armani! Versace! at every turn, a world populated by impossibly thin, heart wrenchingly stylish women and beautiful men clad in fine ribbed turtlenecks and tight leather pants that show off their lifelong dedication to the gym. With breathtaking ease, Miranda can turn each and every one of these hip sophisticates into a scared, whimpering child. Andrea is sorely tested each and every day and often late into the night with orders barked over the phone. She puts up with it all by keeping her eyes on the prize a recommendation from Miranda that will get her a top job at any magazine of her choosing. As things escalate from the merely unacceptable to the downright outrageous, Andrea begins to realize that the job a million girls would die for may just kill her. And even if she survives, she has to decide whether or not it s worth the price of her soul."
Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things A Reader's Guide by Julie Mullaney. No description available
A Separate Peace by John Knowles David Levithan. No description available
Black and Blue by Anna Quindlen. No description available
"A Virtuous Woman by Kaye Gibbons. My prayer is that every woman who reads this book will be empowered and encouraged from God Almighty! That you will allow God to heal and deliver you from every snare the enemy had tried to set for your life. I decree and declare right now that you will fulfill the purpose God has for your life. I call you forth to walk boldly declaring the Glory of God! To walk in freedom and in victory knowing that you are a Virtuous Woman of God, In Jesus Name, AMEN!"
Here on Earth by Alice Hoffman. No description available
The Heart of a Woman by Maya Angelou. No description available
"The Deep End of the Ocean Cappadora Family 1 by Jacquelyn Mitchard. Masterful...A big story about human connection and emotional survival Los Angeles Times The first book ever chosen by Oprah's Book Club Few first novels receive the kind of attention and acclaim showered on this powerful story a nationwide bestseller, a critical success, and the first title chosen for Oprah's Book Club. Both highly suspenseful and deeply moving, The Deep End of the Ocean imagines every mother's worst nightmare the disappearance of a child as it explores a family's struggle to endure, even against extraordinary odds. Filled with compassion, humor, and brilliant observations about the texture of real life, here is a story of rare power, one that will touch readers' hearts and make them celebrate the emotions that make us all one."
Cane River by Lalita Tademy. No description available
"Where the Heart Is by Billie Letts. A down on her luck pregnant teen finds herself living in a shopping center in this Oprah's Book Club selection that inspired the film starring Ashley Judd and Natalie Portman. Talk about unlucky sevens. An hour ago, seventeen year old, seven months pregnant Novalee Nation was heading for California with her boyfriend. Now she finds herself stranded at a Wal Mart in Sequoyah, Oklahoma, with just 7.77 in change. But Novalee is about to discover hidden treasures in this small Southwest town a group of down to earth, deeply caring people willing to help a homeless, jobless girl. From Bible thumping blue haired Sister Thelma Husband to eccentric librarian Forney Hull, they are about to take her and you, too on a moving, funny, and unforgettable journey."
Oprah Winfrey by Katherine E. Krohn. The autobiography of one of America's most celebrated women offers new revelations about her life and her rags to riches rise to success
Drowning Ruth by Christina Schwarz. No description available
"Fall on Your Knees by Ann Marie MacDonald. Winner of the Commonwealth Writers' Prize for Best Book Following the curves of history in the first half of the twentieth century, Fall On Your Knees takes us from haunted Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, through the battle fields of World War One, to the emerging jazz scene of New York City and into the lives of four unforgettable sisters. The mythically charged Piper family James, a father of intelligence and immense ambition, Materia, his Lebanese child bride, and their daughters Kathleen, a budding opera Diva Frances, the incorrigible liar and hell bent bad girl Mercedes, obsessive Catholic and protector of the flock and Lily, the adored invalid who takes us on a quest for truth and redemption is supported by a richly textured cast of characters. Together they weave a tale of inescapable family bonds, of terrible secrets, of miracles, racial strife, attempted murder, birth and death, and forbidden love. Moving and finely written, Fall On Your Knees is by turns dark and hilariously funny, a story and a world that resonate long after the last page is turned."
"What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day Idlewild 1 by Pearl Cleage. This New York Times bestselling novel is lively, topical, and fantasy filled. Watch out, Terry McMillian. Cleage is on your tail Kirkus Reviews, starred review . After a decade of elegant pleasures and luxe living with the Atlanta brothers and sisters with the best clothes and biggest dreams, Ava Johnson has temporarily returned home to Idlewild her fabulous career and power plans smashed to bits by cold reality. But what she imagines to be the end is, instead, a beginning. Because, in the ten plus years since Ava left, all the problems of the big city have come to roost in the sleepy North Michigan community whose ordinariness once drove her away and she cannot turn her back on friends and family who sorely need her in the face of impending trouble and tragedy. Besides which, that one unthinkable, unmistakable thing is now happening to her Ava Johnson is falling in love. Acclaimed playwright, essayist, New York Times bestselling author, and columnist Pearl Cleage has created a world rich in character, human drama, and deep, compassionate understanding, in a remarkable novel that sizzles with sensuality, hums with gritty truth, and sings and crackles with life affirming energy. Very funny and charming . . . Following Cleage s twists and turns of the human spirit, readers may find themselves on a very inspired and uplifted plane well before the last page. Washington Post Book World Cleage . . . delivers a work of intelligence and integrity. . . . A memorable tale. Publishers Weekly, starred review"
"While I Was Gone by Sue Miller. The New York Times bestseller called quietly gripping by USA Today demonstrates how impulses can fracture even the most stable family. Despite her loving family and beautiful home, Jo Becker is restless. Then an old roommate reappears, bringing back Jo's memories of her early 20s. Jo's obsession with that period in her life and the crime that ended it draws her back to a horrible secret."
Mother of Pearl by Melinda Haynes. No description available
Breath Eyes Memory by Edwidge Danticat. No description available
"The Book of Ruth by Jane Hamilton. In the Old Testament we read God s word as it was spoken to his people Israel. Today, thousands of years later, we hear in these thirty nine books his inspired and authoritative message for us. These twin convictions, shared by all of the contributors to The New International Commentary on the Old Testament, define the goal of this ambitious series of commentaries. For those many modern readers who find the Old Testament to be strange and foreign soil, the NICOT series serves as an authoritative guide bridging the cultural gap between today s world and the world of ancient Israel. Each NICOT volume aims to help us hear God s word as clearly as possible. Scholars, pastors, and serious Bible students will welcome the fresh light that this commentary series casts on ancient yet familiar biblical texts. The contributors apply their proven scholarly expertise and wide experience as teachers to illumine our understanding of the Old Testament. As gifted writers, they present the results of the best recent research in an interesting manner. Each commentary opens with an introduction to the biblical book, looking especially at questions concerning its background, authorship, date, purpose, structure, and theology. A select bibliography also points readers to resources for their own study. The author s own translation from the original Hebrew forms the basis of the commentary proper. Verse by verse comments nicely balance in depth discussions of technical matters textual criticism, critical problems, and so on with exposition of the biblical writer s theology and its implications for the life of faith today."
Open House by Elizabeth Berg. No description available
"The Pilot's Wife by Anita Shreve. Who can guess what a woman will do when the unthinkable becomes her reality? From the bestselling author of THE WEIGHT OF WATER, this enormously gripping and powerfully wrought novel asks the questions we all have about ourselves and definitively places Anita Shreve among the ranks of the best novelists writing today. Being married to a pilot has taught Kathryn Lyons to be ready for emergencies, but nothing has prepared her for the late night knock on her door and the news of her husband's fatal crash. As Kathryn struggles through her grief, she is forced to confront disturbing rumours about the man she loved and the life that she took for granted. Torn between her impulse to protect her husband's memory and her desire to know the truth, Kathryn sets off to find out if she ever really knew the man who was her husband. In her determination to test the truth of her marriage, she faces shocking revelations about the secrets a man can keep and the actions a woman is willing to take."
Tara Road by Maeve Binchy. No description available
A Lesson Before Dying by Ernest J. Gaines. No description available
Paradise by Toni Morrison. No description available
The Treasure Hunt A Little Bill Book by Bill Cosby Varnette P. Honeywood. No description available
She's Come Undone by Wally Lamb. No description available
"We Were the Mulvaneys by Joyce Carol Oates. An Oprah Book Club selection A New York Times Notable Book The Mulvaneys are blessed by all that makes life sweet. But something happens on Valentine s Day, 1976 an incident that is hushed up in the town and never spoken of in the Mulvaney home that rends the fabric of their family life...with tragic consequences. Years later, the youngest son attempts to piece together the fragments of the Mulvaneys former glory, seeking to uncover and understand the secret violation that brought about the family s tragic downfall. Profoundly cathartic, this extraordinary novel unfolds as if Oates, in plumbing the darkness of the human spirit, has come upon a source of light at its core. Moving away from the dark tone of her more recent masterpieces, Joyce Carol Oates turns the tale of a family struggling to cope with its fall from grace into a deeply moving and unforgettable account of the vigor of hope and the power of love to prevail over suffering. It s the novel closest to my heart....I m deeply moved that Oprah Winfrey has selected this novel for Oprah s Book Club, a family novel presented to Oprah s vast American family. Joyce Carol Oates"
A Map of the World by Jane Hamilton Frank Muller C.J. Critt. No description available
Daughter of Fortune by Isabel Allende Margaret Sayers Peden. No description available
The Meanest Thing To Say by Bill Cosby Varnette P. Honeywood Varnette Hon Eywood. No description available
"A Fine Balance by Rohinton Mistry. A Fine Balance, Rohinton Mistry s stunning internationally acclaimed bestseller, is set in mid 1970s India. It tells the story of four unlikely people whose lives come together during a time of political turmoil soon after the government declares a State of Internal Emergency. Through days of bleakness and hope, their circumstances and their fates become inextricably linked in ways no one could have foreseen. Mistry s prose is alive with enduring images and a cast of unforgettable characters. Written with compassion, humour, and insight, A Fine Balance is a vivid, richly textured, and powerful novel written by one of the most gifted writers of our time."
The Best Way to Play A Little Bill Book by Bill Cosby Varnette P. Honeywood Varnette Honeywood. No description available
"White Oleander by Janet Fitch. The unforgettable story of a young woman's odyssey through a series of Los Angeles foster homes on her journey to redemption. Astrid is the only child of a single mother, Ingrid, a brilliant, obsessed poet who wields her luminous beauty to intimidate and manipulate men. Astrid worships her mother and cherishes their private world full of ritual and mystery but their idyll is shattered when Astrid's mother falls apart over a lover. Deranged by rejection, Ingrid murders the man, and is sentenced to life in prison. White Oleander is the unforgettable story of Astrid's journey through a series of foster homes and her efforts to find a place for herself in impossible circumstances. Each home is its own universe, with a new set of laws and lessons to be learned. With determination and humor, Astrid confronts the challenges of loneliness and poverty, and strives to learn who a motherless child in an indifferent world can become. Oprah Winfrey enjoyed this gripping first novel so much that she not only made it her book club pick, she asked if she could narrate the audio release."
"Cry the Beloved Country by Alan Paton. An Oprah Book Club selection, Cry, the Beloved Country, the most famous and important novel in South Africa s history, was an immediate worldwide bestseller in 1948. Alan Paton s impassioned novel about a black man s country under white man s law is a work of searing beauty. Cry, the beloved country, for the unborn child that is the inheritor of our fear. Let him not love the earth too deeply. Let him not laugh too gladly when the water runs through his fingers, nor stand too silent when the setting sun makes red the veld with fire. Let him not be too moved when the birds of his land are singing, nor give too much of his heart to a mountain or valley. For fear will rob him of all if he gives too much. The eminent literary critic Lewis Gannett wrote, We have had many novels from statesmen and reformers, almost all bad many novels from poets, almost all thin. In Alan Paton s Cry, the Beloved Country the statesman, the poet and the novelist meet in a unique harmony. Cry, the Beloved Country is the deeply moving story of the Zulu pastor Stephen Kumalo and his son, Absalom, set against the background of a land and a people riven by racial injustice. Remarkable for its lyricism, unforgettable for character and incident, Cry, the Beloved Country is a classic work of love and hope, courage and endurance, born of the dignity of man."
"One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garc a M rquez Gregory Rabassa. Netflix s series adaptation of One Hundred Years of Solitude premieres December 11, 2024! One of the twentieth century s enduring works, One Hundred Years of Solitude is a widely beloved and acclaimed novel known throughout the world and the ultimate achievement in a Nobel Prize winning career. The novel tells the story of the rise and fall of the mythical town of Macondo through the history of the Buend a family. Rich and brilliant, it is a chronicle of life, death, and the tragicomedy of humankind. In the beautiful, ridiculous, and tawdry story of the Buend a family, one sees all of humanity, just as in the history, myths, growth, and decay of Macondo, one sees all of Latin America. Love and lust, war and revolution, riches and poverty, youth and senility, the variety of life, the endlessness of death, the search for peace and truth these universal themes dominate the novel. Alternately reverential and comical, One Hundred Years of Solitude weaves the political, personal, and spiritual to bring a new consciousness to storytelling. Translated into dozens of languages, this stunning work is no less than an account of the history of the human race."
Song of Solomon by Toni Morrison. No description available
The Bluest Eye by Toni Morrison. No description available
The Poisonwood Bible by Barbara Kingsolver. No description available
Vergeef me by Wally Lamb Inge de Heer. No description available
"The Crusader Ronald Reagan and the Fall of Communism by Paul Kengor. God and Ronald Reagan made historian Paul Kengor one of the premier chroniclers of the life and career of the 40th president. Now, with The Crusader, Kengor returns with the one book about Reagan that has not been written The story of his lifelong crusade against communism, and of his dogged and ultimately triumphant effort to overthrow the Soviet Union."
"Ronald Reagan How an Ordinary Man Became an Extraordinary Leader by Dinesh D'Souza. Explores Reagan's political career, from his role in the California tax revolt to the economic success the United States experienced during his term in office."
Ethan Frome and Summer by Edith Wharton Elizabeth Strout. No description available
"Collected Stories 1891 1910 by Edith Wharton Maureen Howard. Library of America presents the first volume in a landmark two volume collector's edition of the incomparable stories of an American master Born into an upper class New York family, Edith Wharton broke with convention and became a professional writer, earning an enduring place as the grande dame of American letters. This Library of America collection along with its companion volume, Collected Stories 1911 1937 presents the finest of Wharton's achievement in short fiction, drawn from the more than eighty stories she published over the course of her career. Opening with her first published story the charming Mrs. Manstey's View, about a disruption in the life of an elderly apartment dweller this first of two volumes presents a writer, already at the height of her powers, beginning to explore the concerns of a lifetime. In Souls Belated, two lovers attempt to escape the consequences of their adultery a subject to which Wharton returns throughout her career. In The Mission of Jane about a remarkable adopted child and The Pelican about an itinerant lecturer , she discovers her gift for social and cultural satire. Perhaps the finest of her ghost stories, The Eyes, with its Jamesian sense of evil, is also included, along with two novella length works, The Touchstone and Sanctuary, revealing the dazzling range of Wharton's fictive imagination. Also included in this edition are a chronology of Wharton's life, explanatory notes, and an essay on the texts. LIBRARY OF AMERICA is an independent nonprofit cultural organization founded in 1979 to preserve our nation s literary heritage by publishing, and keeping permanently in print, America s best and most significant writing. The Library of America series includes more than 300 volumes to date, authoritative editions that average 1,000 pages in length, feature cloth covers, sewn bindings, and ribbon markers, and are printed on premium acid free paper that will last for centuries."
A Backward Glance by Edith Wharton Louis Auchincloss. No description available
"The Best Short Stories of Edith Wharton by Edith Wharton. These 20 short stories and novellas offer an exquisite portrait of Old New York, spanning from the Civil War through the Gilded Age New York Times . Edith Wharton . . . remains one of the most potent names in the literature of New York. New York Times Edith Wharton wrote about New York as only a native can. Her Manhattan is a city of well appointed drawing rooms, hansoms and broughams, all night cotillions, and resplendent Fifth Avenue flats. Bishops nieces mingle with bachelor industrialists respectable wives turn into excellent mistresses. All are governed by a code of behavior as rigid as it is precarious. What fascinates Wharton are the points of weakness in the structure of Old New York the artists and writers at its fringes, the free love advocates testing its limits, widows and divorc es struggling to hold their own. The New York Stories of Edith Wharton gathers twenty stories of the city, written over the course of Wharton s career. From her first published story, Mrs. Manstey s View, to one of her last and most celebrated, Roman Fever, this new collection charts the growth of an American master and enriches our understanding of the central themes of her work, among them the meaning of marriage, the struggle for artistic integrity, the bonds between parent and child, and the plight of the aged. Illuminated by Roxana Robinson s introduction, these stories showcase Wharton s astonishing insight into the turbulent inner lives of the men and women caught up in a rapidly changing society."
Complete Works of Oscar Wilde by Oscar Wilde Merlin Holland. No description available
Oscar Wilde by Richard Ellmann. No description available
An Ideal Husband by Oscar Wilde. No description available
The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde Jeffrey Eugenides. No description available
"De Profundis and Other Writings by Oscar Wilde Hesketh Pearson. De Profundis and Other Prison Writings is a new selection of Oscar Wilde's prison letters and poetry in Penguin Classics, edited and introduced by Colm T ib n. At the start of 1895, Oscar Wilde was the toast of London, widely feted for his most recent stage success, An Ideal Husband. But by May of the same year, Wilde was in Reading prison sentenced to hard labour. 'De Profundis' is an epistolic account of Oscar Wilde's spiritual journey while in prison, and describes his new, shocking conviction that 'the supreme vice is shallowness'. This edition also includes further letters to his wife, his friends, the Home Secretary, newspaper editors and his lover Lord Alfred Douglas Bosie himself, as well as 'The Ballad of Reading Gaol', the heart rending poem about a man sentenced to hang for the murder of the woman he loved. This Penguin edition is based on the definitive Complete Letters, edited by Wilde's grandson Merlin Holland. Colm T ib n's introduction explores Wilde's duality in love, politics and literature. This edition also includes notes on the text and suggested further reading. Oscar Wilde was born in Dublin. His three volumes of short fiction, The Happy Prince, Lord Arthur Savile's Crime and A House of Pomegranates, together with his only novel, The Picture of Dorian Gray, won him a reputation as a writer with an original talent, a reputation enhanced by the phenomenal success of his society comedies Lady Windermere's Fan, A Woman of No Importance, An Ideal Husband and The Importance of Being Earnest. Colm T ib n is the author of five novels, including The Blackwater Lightship and The Master, and a collection of stories, Mothers and Sons. His essay collection Love in a Dark Time Gay Lives from Wilde to Almodovar appeared in 2002. He is the editor of The Penguin Book of Irish Fiction."
"Sense and Sensuality Jesus Talks to Oscar Wilde on the Pursuit of Pleasure Great Conversations by Ravi Zacharias. WHY versus WHY NOT? Why did God place us in a world full of pleasures if we aren t meant to pursue them all? In an imaginative dialogue, Oscar Wilde asks Jesus Christ to respond to this question about critical lifestyle choices. Their talk vividly illustrates the arguments for both sensual pleasure seeking and moral moderation. Playwright, dramatist, poet, critic Wilde openly defied the mores of Victorian society. His literary repartee fueled an if it feels good, do it humanistic philosophy that is still prevalent in the world today. SO WHAT does JESUS SAY?"
"Travels with Charley In Search of America by John Steinbeck. An intimate journey across America, as told by one of its most beloved writers To hear the speech of the real America, to smell the grass and the trees, to see the colors and the light these were John Steinbeck's goals as he set out, at the age of fifty eight, to rediscover the country he had been writing about for so many years. With Charley, his French poodle, Steinbeck drives the interstates and the country roads, dines with truckers, encounters bears at Yellowstone and old friends in San Francisco. Along the way he reflects on the American character, racial hostility, the particular form of American loneliness he finds almost everywhere, and the unexpected kindness of strangers."
Novels and Stories 1932 1937 The Pastures of Heaven To a God Unknown Tortilla Flat In Dubious Battle Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck Elaine Steinbeck Robert DeMott. No description available
"The Pearl by John Steinbeck. This moving parable of wealth and the evil it can bring is based on a Mexican folktale. The simple life of Kino, a pearl fisher, changes for ever when he finds a great pearl, a pearl as large as a seagull's egg. The story is of the finding of the pearl, the dreams it represents and its loss. Kino is blind to the greed, fear and even violence the pearl arouses in his neighbours and in himself and the promise of great wealth and a better life for Kino and his family brings nothing but misfortune and enemies."
"The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck by Don Rosa. From his shoe shining boyhood in Scotland to his treasure hoarding adulthood in Duckburg, Uncle Scrooge McDuck has lived a life of legend a legend founded by Scrooge's creator Carl Barks and carried to new heights in Don Rosa's signature storyline, The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck! But never before has Rosa's epic originally told in twelve Eisner Award winning chapters plus a wealth of companion follow ups been fully assembled in the precise timeline of the events they tell! Now join Scrooge, Donald Duck, the Beagle Boys, Flintheart Glomgold, and more for the first ever complete and chronological Scrooge McDuck biography!"
"The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck Companion by Don Rosa. From his shoe shining boyhood in Scotland to his treasure hoarding adulthood in Duckburg, Uncle Scrooge McDuck has lived a life of legend a legend founded by Scrooge's creator Carl Barks and carried to new heights in Don Rosa's signature storyline, The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck! But never before has Rosa's epic originally told in twelve Eisner Award winning chapters plus a wealth of companion follow ups been fully assembled in the precise timeline of the events they tell! Now join Scrooge, Donald Duck, the Beagle Boys, Flintheart Glomgold, and more for the first ever complete and chronological Scrooge McDuck biography!"
The Last Christmas of Ebenezer Scrooge by Marvin Kaye. No description available
Uncle Scrooge 359 by Don Rosa Carl Barks Lars Jensen Pat McGreal Carol McGreal Frank Jonker Romano Scarpa Mau Heymans Jos Massaroli. Six new adventures of Uncle Scrooge McDuck and his nephews.
"A Christmas Story by Jean Shepherd. A beloved, bestselling classic of humorous and nostalgic Americana the book that inspired the equally classic Yuletide film and the live musical on Fox. The holiday film A Christmas Story, first released in 1983, has become a bona fide Christmas perennial, gaining in stature and fame with each succeeding year. Its affectionate, wacky, and wryly realistic portrayal of an American family s typical Christmas joys and travails in small town Depression era Indiana has entered our imagination and our hearts with a force equal to It s a Wonderful Life and Miracle on 34th Street. This edition of A Christmas Story gathers together in one hilarious volume the gems of autobiographical humor that Jean Shepherd drew upon to create this enduring film. Here is young Ralphie Parker s shocking discovery that his decoder ring is really a device to promote Ovaltine his mother and father s pitched battle over the fate of a lascivious leg lamp the unleashed and unnerving savagery of Ralphie s duel in the show with the odious bullies Scut Farkas and Grover Dill and, most crucially, Ralphie s unstoppable campaign to get Santa or anyone else to give him a Red Ryder carbine action 200 shot range model air rifle. Who cares that the whole adult world is telling him, You ll shoot your eye out, kid ? The pieces that comprise A Christmas Story, previously published in the larger collections In God We Trust, All Others Pay Cash and Wanda Hickey s Night of Golden Memories, coalesce in a magical fashion to become an irresistible piece of Americana, quite the equal of the film in its ability to warm the heart and tickle the funny bone."
My First Story of Christmas by Tim Dowley Roger Langton. No description available
"The Christmas Story by Jane Werner Watson Eloise Wilkin. Share the true meaning of Christmas with your children this holiday season. This simple but poetic text brings to life the story of Jesus' birth in a stable in Bethlehem. First published in 1952, this Little Golden Book adaption of the Christmas story was illustrated by beloved artist Eloise Wilkin. This classic picture book retelling of the Christmas story is a perfect gift for the holidays."
"A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens P.J. Lynch. Everyone is familiar with this classic Christmas story. Ebenezer Scrooge is a miserly, unpleasant man who despises Christmas and overworks his clerk Bob Cratchit. As he prepares for another Christmas Eve without celebration, Scrooge is greeted by his dead business partner, Jacob Marley who warns him that his greed will not go unpunished. At first, Scrooge doesn't heed Marley's warning, but soon he is visited by the Ghosts of Christmas Past, Present, and Christmas Yet to Come. He is made to face his cruel nature, and to consider whether he should change his ways. This is a free digital copy of a book that has been carefully scanned by Google as part of a project to make the world's books discoverable online. To make this print edition available as an ebook, we have extracted the text using Optical Character Recognition OCR technology and submitted it to a review process to ensure its accuracy and legibility across different screen sizes and devices. Google is proud to partner with libraries to make this book available to readers everywhere."
"A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. Everyone is familiar with this classic Christmas story. Ebenezer Scrooge is a miserly, unpleasant man who despises Christmas and overworks his clerk Bob Cratchit. As he prepares for another Christmas Eve without celebration, Scrooge is greeted by his dead business partner, Jacob Marley who warns him that his greed will not go unpunished. At first, Scrooge doesn't heed Marley's warning, but soon he is visited by the Ghosts of Christmas Past, Present, and Christmas Yet to Come. He is made to face his cruel nature, and to consider whether he should change his ways. This is a free digital copy of a book that has been carefully scanned by Google as part of a project to make the world's books discoverable online. To make this print edition available as an ebook, we have extracted the text using Optical Character Recognition OCR technology and submitted it to a review process to ensure its accuracy and legibility across different screen sizes and devices. Google is proud to partner with libraries to make this book available to readers everywhere."
The Annotated Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens Michael Patrick Hearn John Leech. The celebrated annotator of The Wizard of Oz and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn has now prepared a sumptuous new edition of the Dickens classic.
Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol by Jane Parker Resnick Christian Birmingham. This play of A Christmas carol is faithful to the original story but includes the character of Charles Dickens.
"Little Dorrit by Charles Dickens Hablot Knight Browne David Gates. William Dorrit, imprisoned as a debtor, has been a resident of Marshalsea debtors' prison for so long that his three children snobbish Fanny, idle Edward and Amy known as Little Dorrit have all grown up there, and Amy was born there. Their mother is dead and Little Dorrit, devoted to her father, supports them both through her sewing."
A Christmas Carol and Other Christmas Writings by Charles Dickens Michael Slater. No description available
The Life of Our Lord Written for His Children During the Years 1846 to 1849 by Charles Dickens. No description available
"Hard Times by Charles Dickens. The world of Hard Times For These Times revolves around a small industrial town firmly in the grip of one businessman. Bounderby is owner of the local mill and Gradgrind, his employee, is the schoolmaster together they define and enforce the town's moral character with an iron fist. Many of the characters including Gradgrind eventually try and fail to resist Bounderby's influence, to their own demise. Published in 1854, the novel revealed Dickens' sharpest views on capitalism and its questionable moral underpinnings and spurred significant critical debate among his contemporaries. This is a free digital copy of a book that has been carefully scanned by Google as part of a project to make the world's books discoverable online. To make this print edition available as an ebook, we have extracted the text using Optical Character Recognition OCR technology and submitted it to a review process to ensure its accuracy and legibility across different screen sizes and devices. Google is proud to partner with libraries to make this book available to readers everywhere."
The Innocent Man Murder and Injustice in a Small Town by John Grisham. No description available
The Last Juror by John Grisham. No description available
The Testament by John Grisham Jorma Veikko Sappinen. No description available
"The Rainmaker by John Grisham. 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER A taut and terrific page turner Entertainment Weekly from the master of the courtroom thriller Great fun to read . . . The complex plotting is Grisham s major accomplishment. Los Angeles Times In development as a USA Network series starring John Slattery It s summer in Memphis. The sweat is sticking to Rudy Baylor s shirt and creditors are nipping at his heels. Once he had aspirations of breezing through law school and punching his ticket to the good life. Now he doesn t have a job or a prayer except for one an insurance dispute that leaves a family devastated and opens the door for a lawsuit, if Rudy can find a way to file it. By the time Rudy gets to court, a heavyweight corporate defense team is there to meet him. And suddenly he s in over his head, plunged into a nightmare of lies and legal maneuverings. A case that started small is exploding into a thunderous million dollar war of nerves, skill, and outright violence a fight that could cost one young lawyer his life, or turn him into the biggest rainmaker in the land."
The Partner by John Grisham. No description available
The Street Lawyer by John Grisham. No description available
"The Summons by John Grisham. 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER A pillar of the community who towered over local law and politics for forty years, Judge Atlee is now a shadow of his former self a sick, lonely old man who has withdrawn to his sprawling ancestral home in Clanton, Mississippi. Knowing that the end is near, Judge Atlee has issued a summons for his two sons to return to Clanton to discuss his estate. Ray Atlee is the elder, a Virginia law professor, newly single, still enduring the aftershocks of a surprise divorce. Forrest is Ray s younger brother, the family s black sheep. The summons is typed by the Judge himself, on his handsome old stationery, and gives the date and time for Ray and Forrest to appear in his study. Ray reluctantly heads south to his hometown, to the place he now prefers to avoid. But the family meeting does not take place. The Judge dies too soon, and in doing so leaves behind a shocking secret known only to Ray . . . and perhaps to someone else. Don t miss John Grisham s new book, THE EXCHANGE AFTER THE FIRM!"
The Brethren by John Grisham. No description available
The King of Torts by John Grisham. The author presents his latest novel of courtroom and legal suspense.
Skipping Christmas by John Grisham. No description available
"The Firm by Robin Waterfield John Grisham. Mitch McDeere, a Harvard Law graduate, becomes suspicious of his Memphis tax firm when mysterious deaths, obsessive office security, and the Chicago mob figure into its operations."
"The Client by John Grisham. 1 NEW YORK TIMES BEST SELLER In a weedy lot on the outskirts of Memphis, two boys watch a shiny Lincoln pull up to the curb.... Eleven year old Mark Sway and his younger brother were sharing a forbidden cigarette when a chance encounter with a suicidal lawyer left Mark knowing a bloody and explosive secret the whereabouts of the most sought after dead body in America. Now Mark is caught between a legal system gone mad and a mob killer desperate to cover up his crime. And his only ally is a woman named Reggie Love, who has been a lawyer for all of four years. Prosecutors are willing to break all the rules to make Mark talk. The mob will stop at nothing to keep him quiet. And Reggie will do anything to protect her client even take a last, desperate gamble that could win Mark his freedom... or cost them both their lives."
"A Painted House by John Grisham. The gripping legal thriller from the No.1 Sunday Times bestselling author and creator of Sooley and The Judge's List. In rural Arkansas, seven year old farm boy Luke Chandler lives in the cotton fields with his parents and grandparents. When the cotton is ready to be harvested, the Chandlers hire a group of Mexicans and a family from the Ozarks to help harvest it. For six weeks the group pick cotton, battling the heat, rain, fatigue, and sometimes each other. During this time, Luke sees and hears things no seven year old should witness. Can he keep the secrets that could threaten his family's business and change their lives forever? A Painted House is a moving story of one boy's journey from innocence to experience, drawn from the personal experience of legendary legal thriller author John Grisham. 'A master at the art of deft characterisation and the skilful delivery of hair raising crescendos' Irish Independent 'John Grisham is the master of legal fiction' Jodi Picoult 'The best thriller writer alive!' Ken Follett 'John Grisham has perfected the art of cooking up convincing, fast paced thrillers' Telegraph 'Grisham is a superb and instinctive storyteller' The Times 'Grisham's storytelling genius reminds us that when it comes to legal drama, the master is in a league of his own' Daily Record 'Masterful when Grisham gets in the courtroom he lets rip, drawing scenes so real they're not just alive, they're pulsating' Mirror 'A giant of the thriller genre!!' TimeOut"
The Summons The Brethren by John Grisham Michael Beck Frank Muller. No description available
"Dragonfly in Amber Outlander 2 by Diana Gabaldon. From the author of Outlander, a magnificent epic that once again sweeps us back in time to the drama and passion of 18th century Scotland. For twenty years Claire Randall has kept her secrets. But now she is returning with her grown daughter to Scotland's majestic mist shrouded hills. Here Claire plans to reveal a truth as stunning as the events that gave it birth about the mystery of an ancient circle of standing stones, about a love that transcends the boundaries of time and about James Fraser, a Scottish warrior whose gallantry once drew a young Claire from the security of her century to the dangers of his. Now a legacy of blood and desire will test her beautiful copper haired daughter, Brianna, as Claire's spellbinding journey of self discovery continues in the intrigue ridden Paris court of Charles Stuart, in a race to thwart a doomed Highlands uprising and in a desperate fight to save both the child and the man she loves."
Forever Amber by Kathleen Winsor. No description available
Amber Brown Is Green With Envy by Paula Danziger Tony Ross. No description available
Amber Brown Is Not a Crayon by Paula Danziger Tony Ross. No description available
Amber and Ashes Dragonlance The Dark Disciple 1 by Margaret Weis. A continuation of the saga of the War of Souls follows Mina as she makes her way through the dangerous chaos of postwar Krynn.
"The Waste Lands The Dark Tower 3 by Stephen King Ned Dameron. The third volume in the 1 nationally bestselling Dark Tower Series, involving the enigmatic Roland the last gunfighter and his ongoing quest for the Dark Tower, is Stephen King at his best School Library Journal . Several months have passed since The Drawing of the Three, and in The Waste Lands, Roland s two new tet mates have become trained gunslingers. Eddie Dean has given up heroin, and Odetta s two selves have joined, becoming the stronger and more balanced personality of Susannah Dean. But Roland altered ka by saving the life of Jake Chambers, a boy who in Roland s world has already died. Now Roland and Jake exist in different worlds, but they are joined by the same madness the paradox of double memories. Roland, Susannah, and Eddie must draw Jake into Mid World and then follow the Path of the Beam all the way to the Dark Tower. There are new evils new dangers to threaten Roland s little band in the devastated city of Lud and the surrounding wastelands, as well as horrific confrontations with Blaine the Mono, the piratical Gasher, and the frightening Tick Tock Man. The Dark Tower Series continues to show Stephen King as a master of his craft. What lands, what peoples has he visited that are so unreachable to us except in the pages of his incredible books? Now Roland s strange odyssey continues. The Waste Lands follows The Gunslinger and The Drawing of the Three as the third volume in what may be the most extraordinary and imaginative cycle of tales in the English language."
"The Dragon's Eye Dragonology Chronicles 1 by Dugald A. Steer Douglas Carrel. The first title in the Dragonology Chronicles, steps into the the world of the Secret and Ancient Society of Dragonologists. Join tewlve year old Daniel Cook and his sister Beatrice as they begin their dragonogical apprenticeship under the eye of the eccentric Dr. Drake. Suddenly, a crisis interrupts their studies can they find the fabled Dragon's Eye gem? And most importantly, can it be saved from falling into the hands of the evil Ignatius Crook? The future of all dragons rests in their hands."
"The Dragon's Eye Erec Rex 1 by Kaza Kingsley Melvyn Grant. Life is not easy for twelve year old Erec Rex. His single mother can barely support her six adopted kids. And they've moved into an apartment so tiny that Erec sleeps with the washing machine. Worse, there is a strange force within Erec that is making him do odd things. His urge to obey these thoughts grows until it becomes impossible to resist them. Then one morning, Erec's mother is missing. The force inside Erec commands him to find her, leading him on an adventure that will change him forever. When he arrives in Alypium, a hidden world where old knowledge of magic is kept, Erec learns that his mother and the entire kingdom are in peril. And he might be the only one who can save them."
"Dragon's Eye Stonefort 1 by James A. Hetley. Evil is coming to Stonefort in the form of a drug lord and frighteningly powerful sorcerer who covets the Morgan family's secret its alliance with the magical being known as the Dragon. To save his family, Gary Morgan will have to master the power of the Dragon, and he'll need the help of the Haskell witch to do it."
Dragon's Eye by Christopher Stasheff William R. Forstchen Nick DiChario S.N. Lewitt Bill Fawcett Mike Resnick Mickey Zucker Reichert S.M. Stirling Diane Duane Jody Lynn Nye Roland J. Green Teresa Patterson Judith R. Conly. No description available
Stand Back Said the Elephant I'm Going to Sneeze! by Patricia Thomas Wallace Tripp. No description available
"Here I Stand A Life of Martin Luther by Roland H. Bainton. A vivid portrait of Martin Luther, the man of unshakable faith in God who helped bring about the Protestant Reformation. The Reformation of the sixteenth century was a vast and complicated movement. It involved kings and peasants, cardinals and country priests, monks and merchants. It spread from one end of Europe to the other, and manifested itself in widely differing forms. Yet in spite of its diverse and complex character, to start to understand the Reformation you need know only one name Martin Luther. Roland Bainton's Here I Stand A Life of Martin Luther remains the definitive introduction to the great Reformer and is essential reading for anyone seeking to understand this towering historical figure."
The Stand Das letzte Gefecht by Stephen King Joachim K rber. No description available
'Salem's Lot by Stephen King Jerry N. Uelsmann. No description available
'Salem's Lot by Stephen King Ron McLarty. No description available
"'Salem's Lot by Stephen King. NOW A NEW FILM STREAMING ON MAX 1 BESTSELLER Ben Mears has returned to Jerusalem s Lot in hopes that exploring the history of the Marsten House, an old mansion long the subject of rumor and speculation, will help him cast out his personal devils and provide inspiration for his new book. A master storyteller. The Los Angeles Times When two young boys venture into the woods, and only one returns alive, Mears begins to realize that something sinister is at work. In fact, his hometown is under siege from forces of darkness far beyond his imagination. And only he, with a small group of allies, can hope to contain the evil that is growing within the borders of this small New England town. With this, his second novel, Stephen King established himself as an indisputable master of American horror, able to transform the old conceits of the genre into something fresh and all the more frightening for taking place in a familiar, idyllic locale."
Carrie 'Salem's Lot The Shining by Stephen King. No description available
"Orientalism by Edward W. Said. Now reissued with a substantial new afterword, this highly acclaimed overview of Western attitudes towards the East has become one of the canonical texts of cultural studies. Very exciting his case is not merely persuasive, but conclusive. John Leonard in The New York Times His most important book, Orientalism established a new benchmark for discussion of the West's skewed view of the Arab and Islamic world.Simon Louvish in the New Statesman Society Edward Said speaks for interdisciplinarity as well as for monumental erudition The breadth of reading is astonishing. Fred Inglis in The Times Higher Education Supplement A stimulating, elegant yet pugnacious essay.Observer Exciting for anyone interested in the history and power of ideas.J.H. Plumb in The New York Times Book Review Beautifully patterned and passionately argued. Nicholas Richardson in the New Statesman Society"
"Interpreter of Maladies by Jhumpa Lahiri. Navigating between the Indian traditions they've inherited and a baffling new world, the characters in Lahiri's elegant, touching stories seek love beyond the barriers of culture and generations."
The Faiths of the Founding Fathers by David L. Holmes. No description available
"Girls in Pants The Third Summer of the Sisterhood Sisterhood 3 by Ann Brashares. The third novel in the wildly popular 1 New York Times bestselling Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series, from the author of The Whole Thing Together and The Here and Now. It s the summer before the sisterhood departs for college . . . their last real summer together before they head off to start their grown up lives. It s the time when Lena, Tibby, Bridget, and Carmen need their Pants the most. Pants love. Love your pals. Love yourself. A fun and poignant coming of age story. Entertainment Weekly Readers of the other books won t be disappointed. Booklist, Starred A treat for anyone. Los Angeles Times These are friends worth having. Chicago Tribune"
"Forever in Blue The Fourth Summer of the Sisterhood Sisterhood 4 by Ann Brashares. The fourth and final novel in the wildly popular 1 New York Times bestselling Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series, from the author of The Whole Thing Together and The Here and Now. With unraveled embroidery and fraying hems, the Traveling Pants are back for one last, glorious summer. It s a summer that will forever change the lives of Lena, Bridget, Tibby, and Carmen, here and now, past and future, together and apart. Pants love. Love your pals. Love yourself. Genuinely moving. Entertainment Weekly A strong, satisfying conclusion. Booklist An ode to love and friendship. Kirkus Reviews A great read. Daily News New York"
"Junie B. First Grader Cheater Pants Junie B. Jones 21 by Barbara Park Denise Brunkus. When her father will not let her stay up late to do her homework, first grader Junie B. copies a classmate's paper."
Nineteen Eighty Four by George Orwell Thomas Pynchon. No description available
Animal Farm 1984 by George Orwell Christopher Hitchens. No description available
"1984 by George Orwell Erich Fromm. 1984 is a dystopian novel by English author George Orwell published in 1949. ?The novel is set in Airstrip One, a world of perpetual war, omnipresent government surveillance, and public manipulation. It is dictated by a political system named English Socialism under the control of the Inner Party, that persecutes individualism and independent thinking. Many of its terms and concepts, such as Big Brother, doublethink, thoughtcrime, Newspeak, Room 101, telescreen, 2 2 5, and memory holes, have entered into common use since its publication. In 2005, the novel was chosen by TIME magazine as one of the 100 best English language novels."
Nineteen Eighty Four by George Orwell. No description available
"Brave New World Brave New World Revisited by Aldous Huxley Christopher Hitchens. In this brilliantly written book, the author of Brave New World reflects on his dystopian classic and its echoes in the real world decades later Kirkus Reviews . Written almost thirty years after the publication of Aldous Huxley s groundbreaking dystopian novel, Brave New World Revisited compares the future of 1958 with his vision of it from the early 1930s. Touching on subjects as diverse as world population, drugs, subliminal suggestion, and totalitarianism, these timeless essays provide a fascinating look at ideas of early science fiction in the context of the real world. It is a frightening experience, indeed, to discover how much of his satirical prediction of a distant future became reality in so short a time. . . . fascinating. The New York Times Book Review"
"Brave New World and Brave New World Revisited by Aldous Huxley Christopher Hitchens. In this brilliantly written book, the author of Brave New World reflects on his dystopian classic and its echoes in the real world decades later Kirkus Reviews . Written almost thirty years after the publication of Aldous Huxley s groundbreaking dystopian novel, Brave New World Revisited compares the future of 1958 with his vision of it from the early 1930s. Touching on subjects as diverse as world population, drugs, subliminal suggestion, and totalitarianism, these timeless essays provide a fascinating look at ideas of early science fiction in the context of the real world. It is a frightening experience, indeed, to discover how much of his satirical prediction of a distant future became reality in so short a time. . . . fascinating. The New York Times Book Review"
"Brave New World Revisited by Aldous Huxley. In this brilliantly written book, the author of Brave New World reflects on his dystopian classic and its echoes in the real world decades later Kirkus Reviews . Written almost thirty years after the publication of Aldous Huxley s groundbreaking dystopian novel, Brave New World Revisited compares the future of 1958 with his vision of it from the early 1930s. Touching on subjects as diverse as world population, drugs, subliminal suggestion, and totalitarianism, these timeless essays provide a fascinating look at ideas of early science fiction in the context of the real world. It is a frightening experience, indeed, to discover how much of his satirical prediction of a distant future became reality in so short a time. . . . fascinating. The New York Times Book Review"
"Andrew Carnegie by David Nasaw. The book presents Carnegies' memories from his early childhood to the days of his creations, including his overview of significant world events and prognosis for the future, which he saw as very optimistic. A reader learns a lot about Carnegie's childhood, first work, and then first business undertakings, which led him to the position of one of the richest men in the world. The second part of the book The Gospel of Wealth is Carnegie's on how the rich should improve society by sharing money for the common good. There he supported the idea of progressive taxation and estate tax and set a fashion for philanthropy. x000D x000D x000D"
"The Cairo Trilogy Palace Walk Palace of Desire Sugar Street The Cairo Trilogy 1 3 by Naguib Mahfouz. Nobel Prize winner Naguib Mahfouz s magnificent epic trilogy of colonial Egypt Palace Walk, Palace of Desire, and Sugar Street together for the first time in one beautiful hardcover volume. The masterwork of the Nobel Prize winning author, the three novels of The Cairo Trilogy trace three generations of the family of tyrannical patriarch Al Sayyid Ahmad Abd al Jawad, who rules his household with a strict hand while living a secret life of self indulgence. Palace Walk introduces us to his gentle, oppressed wife, Amina, his cloistered daughters, Aisha and Khadija, and his three sons the tragic and idealistic Fahmy, the dissolute hedonist Yasin, and the soul searching intellectual Kamal. Al Sayyid Ahmad s rebellious children struggle to move beyond his domination in Palace of Desire, as the world around them opens to the currents of modernity and political and domestic turmoil brought by the 1920s. Sugar Street brings Mahfouz s vivid tapestry of an evolving Egypt to a dramatic climax as the aging patriarch sees one grandson become a Communist, one a Muslim fundamentalist, and one the lover of a powerful politician. Throughout the trilogy, the family s trials mirror those of their turbulent country during the years spanning the two World Wars, as change comes to a society that has resisted it for centuries. Filled with compelling drama, earthy humor, and remarkable insight, The Cairo Trilogy extends our knowledge of life it also confirms it The Boston Globe . Everyman's Library pursues the highest production standards, printing on acid free cream colored paper, with full cloth cases with two color foil stamping, decorative endpapers, silk ribbon markers, European style half round spines, and a full color illustrated jacket. Contemporary Classics include an introduction, a select bibliography, and a chronology of the author's life and times."
"Children of the Alley by Naguib Mahfouz Peter Theroux. The tumultuous alley of this rich and intricate novel first published in Arabic in 1959 is inhabited by a delightful Egyptian family, but is also the setting for a second, hidden, and more daring narrative the spiritual history of humankind. The men and women of a modern Cairo neighborood unwittingly reenact the lives of their holy ancestors from the feudal lord who disowns one son for diabolical pride and puts another to the test, to the savior of a succeeding generation who frees his people from bondage. This powerful novel confirms again the richness and variety of Mahfouz's storytelling and his status as the single most important writer in modern Arabic literature Newsweek ."
"Akhenaten Dweller in Truth by Naguib Mahfouz Tagreid Abu Hassabo. From the winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature and author of the Cairo Trilogy, comes Akhenaten, a fascinating work of fiction about the most infamous pharaoh of ancient Egypt. In this beguiling novel, originally published in Arabic in 1985, Mahfouz tells with extraordinary insight the story of the heretic pharaoh, or sun king, the first known monotheistic ruler whose iconoclastic and controversial reign during the 18th Dynasty 1540 1307 B.C. has uncanny resonance with modern sensibilities. Narrating the novel is a young man with a passion for the truth, who questions the pharaoh's contemporaries after his horrible death including Akhenaten's closest friends, his most bitter enemies, and finally his enigmatic wife, Nefertiti in an effort to discover what really happened in those strange, dark days at Akhenaten's court. As our narrator and each of the subjects he interviews contribute their version of Akhenaten, the truth becomes increasingly evanescent. Akhenaten encompasses all of the contradictions his subjects see in him at once cruel and empathic, feminine and barbaric, mad and divinely inspired, his character, as Mahfouz imagines him, is eerily modern, and fascinatingly ethereal. An ambitious and exceptionally lucid and accessible book, Akhenaten is a work only Mahfouz could render so elegantly, so irresistibly."
Adrift on the Nile by Naguib Mahfouz Frances Liardet. No description available
"Midaq Alley by Naguib Mahfouz Trevor Le Gassick. Widely acclaimed as Naguib Mahfouz's best novel, Midaq Alley brings to life one of the hustling, teeming back alleys of Cairo in the 1940s. From Zaita the cripple maker to Kirsha the hedonistic cafe owner, from Abbas the barber who mistakes greed for love to Hamida who sells her soul to escape the alley, from waiters and widows to politicians, pimps, and poets, the inhabitants of Midaq Alley vividly evoke Egypt's largest city as it teeters on the brink of change. Never has Nobel Prize winner Mahfouz's talent for rich and luxurious storytelling been more evident than here, in his portrait of one small street as a microcosm of the world on the threshold of modernity."
"The Harafish by Naguib Mahfouz Catherine Cobham Naguib Mahfouz. Winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1988, Naguib Mahfouz is perhaps the best known living Arab writer. His books have had great success in this country, particularly The Cairo Trilogy. Fans of the famed trilogy will be delighted with The Harafish, an epic novel that chronicles the dramatic history of the al Nagi family a family that moves, over many generations, from the height of power and glory to the depths of decadence and decay. The Harafish begins with the tale of Ashur al Nagi, a man who grows from humble beginnings to become a great leader, a legend among his people. Generation after generation, however, Ashur's descendants grow further from his legendary example. They lose touch with their origins as they amass and then squander large fortunes, marry prostitutes when they marry at all, and develop rivalries that end in death. The community's upper class keeps a watchful eye on the descendants of al Nagi for fear of losing their privileges, but they find no threat of another such as Ashur. Not, that is, until the al Nagi who, like his noble ancestor, finds his power once again from among The Harafish, or the common people. Through the strength of their numbers and their passion, the glory of the name of al Nagi is restored. Of all Mahfouz's experiments in recent decades, this is the one which owes least to western inspiration and is probably the most successful. The Harafish, fluently translated by Catherine Cobham, makes accessible and engrossing reading. The Washington Post Book World."
The Day the Leader Was Killed by Naguib Mahfouz Surgana Naguib Mahfouz. No description available
"Anne Frank Beyond the Diary A Photographic Remembrance by Ruud van der Rol Rian Verhoeven Anna Quindlen Anne Frank Tony Langham Plym Peters. Photographs and narratives of Anne Frank and her world, before and after the Holocaust."
"Anne Frank Remembered The Story of the Woman Who Helped to Hide the Frank Family by Miep Gies Alison Leslie Gold. She found the diary and brought the world a message of love and hope. It seems as if we are never far from Miep's thoughts....Yours, Anne For the millions moved by Anne Frank The Diary of a Young Girl,here at last is Miep's own astonishing story. For more than two years, Miep Gies and her husband helped hide the Franks from the Nazis. Like thousands of unsung heroes of the Holocaust, they risked their lives each day to bring food, news, and emotional support to the victims. From her own remarkable childhood as a World War I refugee to the moment she places a small, red orange, checkered diary Anne's legacy in Otto Frank's hands, Miep Gies remembers her days with simple honesty and shattering clarity. Each page rings with courage and heartbreaking beauty."
The Diary of Anne Frank by Frances Goodrich Albert Hackett Wendy Kesselman. No description available
Anne Frank Life in Hiding by Johanna Hurwitz Vera Rosenberry. No description available
Cliffs Notes on Hansberry's A Raisin in the Sun by Rosetta James. No description available
Dear John by Nicholas Sparks. No description available
"All the King's Men by Robert Penn Warren. THE STORY As told by Atkinson Eliminate the story of Huey Long, which Mr. Warren says is not what he is trying to interpret. He is anatomizing the career with nothing but purity in his heart. Discovering that he is being used by a cynical machin"
Cliffs notes on Warren's All the King's Men by L. David Allen. No description available
All the King's Men Three Stage Versions by Robert Penn Warren James A. Perkins James A. Grimshaw. No description available
Men's Health Book of Muscle The World's Most Complete Guide to Building Your Body by Ian King Lou Schuler Frederick Deluvier. No description available
"Surely You're Joking Mr. Feynman! Adventures of a Curious Character by Richard P. Feynman. One of the most famous science books of our time, the phenomenal national bestseller that buzzes with energy, anecdote and life. It almost makes you want to become a physicist Science Digest . Richard P. Feynman, winner of the Nobel Prize in physics, thrived on outrageous adventures. In this lively work that can shatter the stereotype of the stuffy scientist Detroit Free Press , Feynman recounts his experiences trading ideas on atomic physics with Einstein and cracking the uncrackable safes guarding the most deeply held nuclear secrets and much more of an eyebrow raising nature. In his stories, Feynman s life shines through in all its eccentric glory a combustible mixture of high intelligence, unlimited curiosity, and raging chutzpah. Included for this edition is a new introduction by Bill Gates."
The Feynman Lectures on Physics 3 Vols by Richard P. Feynman Robert B. Leighton Matthew L. Sands. No description available
What Do You Care What Other People Think? by Richard P. Feynman. No description available
Perfectly Reasonable Deviations from the Beaten Track Letters of Richard P. Feynman by Richard P. Feynman Michelle Feynman. No description available
QED The Strange Theory of Light and Matter by Richard P. Feynman. No description available
"Kiffe Kiffe Demain French Edition by Fa za Gu ne. A touching, furious, sharp, and very funny novel of an immigrant teenage girl finding her own identity in France Booklist . The Paradise projects are only a few metro stops from Paris, but it feels like a different world. Doria s father, aka the Beard, has headed back to their hometown in Morocco, leaving her and her mom to cope with their mektoub, their destiny, alone. They have a little help from a social worker sent by the city, a psychiatrist sent by the school, and a thug friend who recites Rimbaud. It seems like fate has dealt them an impossible hand, but Doria might still make a new life with bravado, humor, and a healthy dose of rage St. Petersburg Times . A sassy, spunky tale . . . Doria has what it takes to storm any barricade. The Hartford Courant Doria is as likable as Holden Caulfield or Prep s Lee Fiora. Readers will cheer. Highly recommended. Library Journal, starred review A promising addition to the world s literary voices. The Miami Herald Moving and irreverent, sad and funny, full of rage and intelligence. Her voice is fresh, and her book a delight. Laila Lalami, bestselling author of The Moor s Account"
iWoz by Steve Wozniak Gina Smith. No description available
"Cradle to Cradle Remaking the Way We Make Things by William McDonough Michael Braungart. A manifesto for a radically different philosophy and practice of manufacture and environmentalism Reduce, reuse, recycle urge environmentalists in other words, do more with less in order to minimize damage. But as this provocative, visionary book argues, this approach perpetuates a one way, cradle to grave manufacturing model that dates to the Industrial Revolution and casts off as much as 90 percent of the materials it uses as waste, much of it toxic. Why not challenge the notion that human industry must inevitably damage the natural world? In fact, why not take nature itself as our model? A tree produces thousands of blossoms in order to create another tree, yet we do not consider its abundance wasteful but safe, beautiful, and highly effective hence, waste equals food is the first principle the book sets forth. Products might be designed so that, after their useful life, they provide nourishment for something new either as biological nutrients that safely re enter the environment or as technical nutrients that circulate within closed loop industrial cycles, without being downcycled into low grade uses as most recyclables now are . Elaborating their principles from experience re designing everything from carpeting to corporate campuses, William McDonough and Michael Braungart make an exciting and viable case for change."
Cradle and All by James Patterson. No description available
"The Creation of the American Republic 1776 1787 by Gordon S. Wood. One of the half dozen most important books ever written about the American Revolution. New York Times Book Review During the nearly two decades since its publication, this book has set the pace, furnished benchmarks, and afforded targets for many subsequent studies. If ever a work of history merited the appellation 'modern classic,' this is surely one. William and Mary Quarterly A brilliant and sweeping interpretation of political culture in the Revolutionary generation. New England Quarterly This is an admirable, thoughtful, and penetrating study of one of the most important chapters in American history. Wesley Frank Craven"
Power Faith and Fantasy America in the Middle East 1776 to the Present by Michael B. Oren. No description available
"Problems of the Self Philosophical Papers 1956 1972 by Bernard Williams. This is a volume of philosophical studies, centred on problems of personal identity and extending to related topics in the philosophy of mind and moral philosophy."
"Moral Luck Philosophical Papers 1973 1980 by Bernard Williams. A new volume of philosophical essays by Bernard Williams. The book is a successor to Problems of the Self, but whereas that volume dealt mainly with questions of personal identity, Moral Luck centres on questions of moral philosophy and the theory of rational action. That whole area has of course been strikingly reinvigorated over the last deacde, and philosophers have both broadened and deepened their concerns in a way that now makes much earlier moral and political philosophy look sterile and trivial. Moral Luck contains a number of essays that have contributed influentially to this development. Among the recurring themes are the moral and philosophical limitations of utilitarianism, the notion of integrity, relativism, and problems of moral conflict and rational choice. The work presented here is marked by a high degree of imagination and acuity, and also conveys a strong sense of psychological reality. The volume will be a stimulating source of ideas and arguments for all philosophers and a wide range of other readers."
Ethics and the Limits of Philosophy by Bernard Williams. No description available
On Rhetoric and Language Four Key Dialogues by Jean Nienkamp. No description available
The Norton Anthology of Modern and Contemporary Poetry by Jahan Ramazani Richard Ellmann Robert O'Clair. No description available
The Elephant War by Gillian Avery. No description available
"The Wind in the Willows by Kenneth Grahame Gillian Avery. Mole, Rat, Badger, and Toad have adventures near their riverside homes."
"The Everyman Anthology of Poetry for Children by Gillian Avery Everyman's Library Thomas Benwick. The Everyman Anthology of Poetry for Children is a treasury of great poems chosen for the sheer pleasure they offer to readers of all ages. Compiler Gillian Avery's aim was to avoid condescending to children and to assemble a collection of poems that the owner will not outgrow. With that in mind, she has included very few works that were written solely for a young audience. The more than 250 pieces gathered here range from ballads to epics, from inspired nonsense to memorable reflections on love and death. A wide variety of poets grace these pages, from Mother Goose to Shakespeare, from Emily Dickinson to Noel Coward, from Robert Frost to Ogden Nash. Coleridge's Kubla Khan and Rosetti's Goblin Market will enchant young readers as much as T. S. Eliot's The Naming of Cats and Lewis Carroll's The Mock Turtle's Song will entertain them. Adorned with engravings by the eighteenth century artist Thomas Bewick, this collection belongs in every family's library."
Holiday Romance and Other Writings for Children by Charles Dickens. No description available
Ideas Have Consequences by Richard M. Weaver. No description available
The Ethics of Rhetoric by Richard M. Weaver. No description available
Manliness by Harvey Mansfield. No description available
"Selected Stories of Anton Chekhov by Anton Chekhov Richard Pevear Larissa Volokhonsky. Richard Pevear and Larissa Volokhonsky, the highly acclaimed translators of War and Peace, Doctor Zhivago, and Anna Karenina, which was an Oprah Book Club pick and million copy bestseller, bring their unmatched talents to The Selected Stories of Anton Chekhov, a collection of thirty of Chekhov s best tales from the major periods of his creative life. Considered the greatest short story writer, Anton Chekhov changed the genre itself with his spare, impressionistic depictions of Russian life and the human condition. From characteristically brief, evocative early pieces such as The Huntsman and the tour de force A Boring Story, to his best known stories such as The Lady with the Little Dog and his own personal favorite, The Student, Chekhov s short fiction possesses the transcendent power of art to awe and change the reader. This monumental edition, expertly translated, is especially faithful to the meaning of Chekhov s prose and the unique rhythms of his writing, giving readers an authentic sense of his style and a true understanding of his greatness."
Mother Maria Skobtsova Essential Writings by Maria Skobtsova Richard Pevear. A collection of writings that reflect the deep commitment to the gospel mandate that unites love of God and love of neighbor comes from the modern saint and Orthodox nun who made her home in Paris a haven for Jews during Nazi occupation.
"What is Art? by Leo Tolstoy Richard Pevear Larissa Volokhonsky. What is art? is one of the classic questions that philosophy has addressed over the ages, from the ancients to today. Taking as its starting point debates over the various definitions of art found in history, this article presents and discusses some of the major theories offered by both the analytic and continental traditions. It then looks at the theoretical reasons that led twentieth century philosophy to reopen the question of definition, and in many cases inquire into the ontology of art itself. Finally, a series of considerations are addressed to help shift the problem of definition onto a new plane, one that is able to respond to the challenges of the performing and participatory arts, which more than any other form of art present particularly unconventional ontologies."
The Complete Short Novels by Anton Chekhov Richard Pevear Larissa Volokhonsky. No description available
The Double and The Gambler by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Richard Pevear Larissa Volokhonsky. No description available
The Adolescent by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Richard Pevear Larissa Volokhonsky. No description available
"If I Die in a Combat Zone by Tim O'Brien. A classic from the New York Times bestselling author of The Things They Carried One of the best, most disturbing, and most powerful books about the shame that was is Vietnam. Minneapolis Star and Tribune Before writing his award winning Going After Cacciato, Tim O'Brien gave us this intensely personal account of his year as a foot soldier in Vietnam. The author takes us with him to experience combat from behind an infantryman's rifle, to walk the minefields of My Lai, to crawl into the ghostly tunnels, and to explore the ambiguities of manhood and morality in a war gone terribly wrong. Beautifully written and searingly heartfelt, If I Die in a Combat Zone is a masterwork of its genre. Now with Extra Libris material, including a reader s guide and bonus content."
If I Die In A Combat Zone by Tim O'Brien. No description available
"Rainbow Six John Clark 2 Jack Ryan Universe 10 by Tom Clancy David Dukes. In this 1 New York Times bestselling John Clark thriller, author Tom Clancy takes readers into the shadowy world of anti terrorism and gets closer to reality than any government would care to admit... Ex Navy SEAL John Clark has been named the head of Rainbow, an international task force dedicated to combating terrorism. In a trial by fire, Clark is confronted with a violent chain of seemingly separate international incidents. But there is no way to predict the real threat a group of terrorists like none the world has ever encountered, a band of men and women so extreme that their success could literally mean the end of life on earth as we know it."
"Child of War Woman of Peace by Le Ly Hayslip James Hayslip Jenny Wurts. The inspiring story of an immigrant's struggles to heal old wounds in the United States, this is the sequel to When Heaven and Earth Changed Places, Le Ly Hayslip's extraordinary, award winning memoir of life in wartime Vietnam."
When Heaven and Earth Changed Places A Vietnamese Woman's Journey from War to Peace by Le Ly Hayslip Jay Wurts. No description available
Philip Vera Cruz A Personal History of Filipino Immigrants and the Farmworkers Movement by Craig Scharlin Lilia V. Villanueva. A lost chapter of both California labor history and the Asian American experience are eloquently brought to light in Philip Vera Cruz s oral memoir. This account of an exceptional leader explores the unacknowledged role of Filipino laborers in the creation of the United Farm Workers union.
Coming of Age in Mississippi The Classic Autobiography of a Young Black Girl in the Rural South by Anne Moody. No description available
I'm Too Young To Be Seventy by Judith Viorst Laura Gibson. No description available
"Seventy Seven Clocks Bryant May 3 by Christopher Fowler. 'The newspapers referred to it as the case of the seventy seven clocks. There was quite a fuss at the time. We got into terrible trouble. Dear fellow, it was one of our most truly peculiar cases. I remember as if it was yesterday.' In fact, Arthur Bryant remembers very little about yesterday, but he does remember the oddest investigation of his career... It was late in 1973. As strikes and blackouts ravaged the country during Edward Heath's 'Winter of Discontent', sundry members of a wealthy, aristocratic family were being disposed of in a variety of grotesque ways by reptile, by bomb, by haircut. As the hours of daylight diminish towards Christmas, Bryant May, the irascible detectives of London's controversial Peculiar Crimes Unit, know that time is the key and time is running out for both the family and the police. Their investigations lead them into a hidden world of class conflict, craftsmanship and the secret loyalties of big business. But what have seventy seven ticking clocks to do with it? Now the full story can at last be revealed, in this most eerie of adventures that features Arthur Bryant at his rudest, John May at his most exasperated and a gallery of colourful, bizarre characters who could only make their home in a city like London..."
"The Blank Slate The Modern Denial of Human Nature by Steven Pinker. A brilliant inquiry into the origins of human nature from the author of Rationality, The Better Angels of Our Nature, and Enlightenment Now. Sweeping, erudite, sharply argued, and fun to read..also highly persuasive. Time Finalist for the Pulitzer Prize Updated with a new afterword One of the world's leading experts on language and the mind explores the idea of human nature and its moral, emotional, and political colorings. With characteristic wit, lucidity, and insight, Pinker argues that the dogma that the mind has no innate traits a doctrine held by many intellectuals during the past century denies our common humanity and our individual preferences, replaces objective analyses of social problems with feel good slogans, and distorts our understanding of politics, violence, parenting, and the arts. Injecting calm and rationality into debates that are notorious for ax grinding and mud slinging, Pinker shows the importance of an honest acknowledgment of human nature based on science and common sense."
The Language Instinct How the Mind Creates Language by Steven Pinker. No description available
Learnability and Cognition The Acquisition of Argument Structure by Steven Pinker Jacques A. Mehler. No description available
Fight Club by Chuck Palahniuk. No description available
BSD Hacks by Lavigne. No description available
The Design and Implementation of the 4.3BSD UNIX Operating System by Samuel J. Leffler Marshall Kirk McKusick Michael J. Karels. No description available
"Choke by Stuart Woods. Victor Mancini, a medical school dropout, is an antihero for our deranged times. Needing to pay elder care for his mother, Victor has devised an ingenious scam he pretends to choke on pieces of food while dining in upscale restaurants. He then allows himself to be saved by fellow patrons who, feeling responsible for Victor s life, go on to send checks to support him. When he s not pulling this stunt, Victor cruises sexual addiction recovery workshops for action, visits his addled mom, and spends his days working at a colonial theme park. His creator, Chuck Palahniuk, is the visionary we need and the satirist we deserve."
Choke Point A Brinker Mystery Brinker P.I. by James C. Mitchell. No description available
The Aleph and Other Stories by Jorge Luis Borges Andrew Hurley. No description available
El Aleph by Jorge Luis Borges. No description available
"Vanity Fair by William Makepeace Thackeray John Carey. A timelie and story of the great magazine Vanity Fair. People, historic events, fashion and arts. All shaped the story og Vanity Fair and challanged it to challange us."
"Vanity Fair by William Makepeace Thackeray Nicholas Dames. A timelie and story of the great magazine Vanity Fair. People, historic events, fashion and arts. All shaped the story og Vanity Fair and challanged it to challange us."
Vanity Fair by William Makepeace Thackeray. No description available
"V for Vendetta by Alan Moore David Lloyd. In an alternate future in which Germany wins World War II and Britain becomes a fascist state, a vigilante named V tries to free England of its ideological chains."
V. by Thomas Pynchon Carlos Mart n Ram rez. No description available
"Girl in the Shadows Shadows 2 by V.C. Andrews. Some secrets survive the light of day, others should stay lost in darkness forever the family saga that began with April Shadows continues! April Taylor wasn't a little girl anymore but who was she really? The home she shared with her parents and her older sister, Brenda, may have been filled with turmoil, but it was the only home she knew. Now, with nowhere to go in the wake of losing her mother and father, April had to grow up fast as she embarked on an odyssey of heartbreak and betrayal. It was mere chance that led her to the secluded home of a kindly elderly woman and her deaf teenaged granddaughter, Echo. There, April found a shelter from her mixed up life, and from the confusion that severed her relationship with Brenda, after an encounter with Brenda's girlfriend, Celia. But when a dangerous couple arrives with greedy intentions, April discovers they will take advantage of her very special friendship with Echo to get what they want. Now, April's survival depends on being true to the one person she's never fully accepted herself."
V for Vendetta by Steve Moore Lilly Wachowski Lana Wachowski Alan Moore. No description available
"Heaven Casteel 1 by V.C. Andrews. Follows the experiences of Heaven, one of the very poor Casteel children who are sold to different families by their father. Copyright Libri GmbH. All rights reserved."
"A Gravity's Rainbow Companion Sources and Contexts for Pynchon's Novel by Steven Weisenburger. Serves as a guide to Thomas Pynchon's Gravity's Rainbow . This title takes the reader page by page, often line by line, through the welter of historical references, scientific data, cultural fragments, anthropological research, jokes, and puns around which Pynchon wove his story."
Casino Royale by Ian Fleming. No description available
"Casino Royale by Anthony Hern Ian Fleming Henry Gammidge John McLusky. For incredible suspense, unexpected thrills and extraordinary danger, nothing can beat James Bond in his inaugural adventure. Die Another Day, starring Pierce Brosnan and Halle Berry, will be in theaters in fall 2002. Copyright Libri GmbH. All rights reserved."
Bel Canto by Ann Patchett. No description available
Guerilla Film Makers Movie Blueprint by Chris Jones Jonathan Newman Cara Williams. No description available
Mini Manual of the Urban Guerrilla by Carlos Marighella. No description available
The Career Programmer Guerilla Tactics for an Imperfect World Expert's Voice by Christopher Duncan. No description available
"A Bend in the River by V.S. Naipaul. Widely hailed as the Nobel Prize winning author s greatest work, this novel takes us into the life of a young Indian man who moves to an isolated town at the bend of a great river in a newly independent African nation. Brilliant. The New York Times In this haunting masterpiece of postcolonial literature, short listed for the Booker Prize in 1979, Naipaul gives us a convincing and disturbing vision of a place caught between the dangerously alluring modern world and its own tenacious past. Salim is doubly an outsider in his new home an unnamed country that resembles the Congo by virtue of his origins in a community of Indian merchants on the coast of East Africa. Uncertain of his future, he has come to take possession of a local trading post he has naively purchased sight unseen. But what Salim discovers on his arrival is a ghost town, reduced to ruins in the wake of the recently departed European colonizers and in the process of being reclaimed by the surrounding forest. Salim struggles to build his business against a backdrop of growing chaos, conflict, ignorance, and poverty. His is a journey into the heart of Africa, into the same territory explored by Joseph Conrad s Heart of Darkness nearly eighty years earlier but witnessed this time from the other side of the tragedy of colonization. Salim discovers that the nation s violent legacy persists, through the rise of a dictator who calls himself the people s savior but whose regime is built on fear and lies. Confirms Naipaul's position as one of the best writers now at work. Newsweek"
The Middle Passage by V.S. Naipaul. No description available
Magic Seeds by V.S. Naipaul. No description available
Half a Life by V.S. Naipaul. No description available
"North of South An African Journey by Shiva Naipaul. When her father leaves the Church in a crisis of conscience, Margaret Hale is uprooted from her comfortable home in Hampshire to move with her family to the north of England. Initially repulsed by the ugliness of her new surroundings in the industrial town of Milton, Margaret becomes aware of the poverty and suffering of the local mill workers and develops a passionate sense of social justice. This is intensified by her tempestuous relationship with the mill owner and self made man, John Thornton, as their fierce opposition over his treatment of his employees masks a deeper attraction. In North and South, Elizabeth Gaskell skillfully fused individual feeling with social concern, and in Margaret Hale created one of the most original heroines of Victorian literature."
"V.S. Naipaul by Bruce Alvin King. For the first time the Nobel Prize winning author s stunning short fiction collected in one volume, with an introduction by the author. Naipaul is the world s writer, a master of language and perception. The New York Times Book Review Over the course of his distinguished career, V. S. Naipaul has written a remarkable array of short fiction that moves from Trinidad to London to Africa. Here are the stories from his Somerset Maugham Award winning Miguel Street, in which he takes us into a derelict corner of Trinidad s capital to meet, among others, Man Man, who goes from running for public office to staging his own crucifixion. The tales in A Flag on the Island, meanwhile, roam from a Chinese bakery in Trinidad to a rooming house in London. And in the celebrated title story from the Booker Prize winning In a Free State, an English couple traveling in an unnamed African country discover, under a veneer of civilization, a landscape of squalor and ethnic bloodletting. No writer has rendered our postcolonial world more acutely or prophetically than V. S. Naipaul, or given its upheavals such a hauntingly human face."
Regeneration Through Violence The Mythology of the American Frontier 1600 1860 by Richard Slotkin. No description available
Regeneration Species Imperative 3 by Julie E. Czerneda. With the alien Dhryn cutting a pathway through the inhabited spaceways bringing about the annihilation of many of the races who have the misfortune to lie along the star trail they are following time is running out for all sentient life forms. Can biologists Mackenzie Connor and Emily Mamami solve the riddle of the Dhryn before their part of the galaxy becomes as dead as the mysterious region known as the Chasm?
"The Regeneration Trilogy Regeneration 1 3 by Pat Barker. The Regeneration Trilogy is Pat Barker's sweeping masterpiece of British historical fiction. 1917, Scotland. At Craiglockhart War Hospital in Scotland, army psychiatrist William Rivers treats shell shocked soldiers before sending them back to the front. In his care are poets Siegfried Sassoon and Wilfred Owen, and Billy Prior, who is only able to communicate by means of pencil and paper. . . Regeneration, The Eye in the Door and The Ghost Road follow the stories of these men until the last months of the war. Widely acclaimed and admired, Pat Barker's Regeneration trilogy paints with moving detail the far reaching consequences of a conflict which decimated a generation. 'Harrowing, original, delicate and unforgettable' Independent 'A new vision of what the First World War did to human beings, male and female, soldiers and civilians. Constantly surprising and formally superb' A. S. Byatt, Daily Telegraph 'One of the few real masterpieces of late twentieth century British fiction' Jonathan Coe Pat Barker was born in 1943. Her books include the highly acclaimed Regeneration trilogy, comprising Regeneration 1991 which was made into a film of the same name The Eye in the Door 1993 , which won the Guardian Fiction Prize and The Ghost Road 1995 , which won the Booker Prize, as well as the more recent novels Another World, Border Crossing, Double Vision, Life Class and Toby's Room. She lives in Durham."
"The Sparrow The Sparrow 1 by Mary Doria Russell. A visionary work that combines speculative fiction with deep philosophical inquiry, The Sparrow tells the story of a charismatic Jesuit priest and linguist, Emilio Sandoz, who leads a scientific mission entrusted with a profound task to make first contact with intelligent extraterrestrial life. The mission begins in faith, hope, and beauty, but a series of small misunderstandings brings it to a catastrophic end. Praise for The Sparrow A startling, engrossing, and moral work of fiction. The New York Times Book Review Important novels leave deep cracks in our beliefs, our prejudices, and our blinders. The Sparrow is one of them. Entertainment Weekly Powerful . . . The Sparrow tackles a difficult subject with grace and intelligence. San Francisco Chronicle Provocative, challenging . . . recalls both Arthur C. Clarke and H. G. Wells, with a dash of Ray Bradbury for good measure. The Dallas Morning News Mary Doria Russell shows herself to be a skillful storyteller who subtly and expertly builds suspense. USA Today"
"The Age of Bronze Pirates of the Caribbean Jack Sparrow 5 by Rob Kidd Walt Disney Company. When a charmed amulet goes missing and Jack and his crew become prime suspects, they must track down the dangerous duo that they believe to be the real thieves, and figure out the mystical power that the amulet holds."
"The Sword of Corte s Pirates of the Caribbean Jack Sparrow 4 by Rob Kidd Jean Paul Orpinas Walt Disney Company. This is it! Jack and his crew have found the Sword of Cortes, but along with it, they ve also found Cortes himself. And he s not the kind ruler they thought he d be. Jack and his crew have defeated a storm king, escaped sirens, defeated the notorious pirate Left Foot Louis, but can they possibly conquer a conquistador with god like powers?"
"The Pirate Chase Pirates of the Caribbean Jack Sparrow 3 by Rob Kidd Walt Disney Company. Meet Jack Sparrow and his young pirate friends as they embark on a thrilling journey on the high seas. Their goal to locate and procure the legendary Sword of Cort s, which will grant them unimaginable power. Adventure seeking teenager Jack Sparrow has assembled a motley crew, and they're on the quest of a lifetime. Their goal to locate and procure the legendary Sword of Cort s, which will grant them unimaginable power. But will this ragtag team of adventurers survive their mission, or will they succumb to the power of the sea, vicious pirates, ancient curses, and stormy threats from the forces of nature? Spotlight is a division of ABDO and features licensed editions of popular fiction printed and bound specifically for the library market. Each Spotlight book is printed on the highest quality paper with reinforced library bindings."
"The Siren Song Pirates of the Caribbean Jack Sparrow 2 by Rob Kidd Jean Paul Orpinas. Still on a mission to find the legendary Sword of Cort es, the crew of the Barnacle becomes entranced by an ethereal song that pulls them away from their mission, leaving Captain Jack Sparrow to find the source behind the dark spell."
"The Coming Storm Pirates of the Caribbean Jack Sparrow 1 by Rob Kidd Jean Paul Orpinas. Teenage stowaway Jack Sparrow and his band of hoodlums are on a mission to find the legendary Sword of Cort es which will grant them unimaginable power, but first they have to survive the power of the sea, vicious pirates, and ancient curses."
The Woman in White by Wilkie Collins Matthew Sweet. No description available
The Woman in White by Wilkie Collins. No description available
"The Woman in White by Wilkie Collins Maria K. Bachman Don Richard Cox. As the inscription on his tombstone reveals, Wilkie Collins wanted to be remembered as the author of The Woman in White, for it was this novel that secured his reputation during his lifetime. The novel begins with a drawing teacher's eerie late night encounter with a mysterious woman in white, and then follows his love for Laura Fairlie, a young woman who is falsely incarcerated in an asylum by her husband, Sir Percival Glyde, and his sinister accomplice, Count Fosco. This edition returns to the original text that galvanized England when it was published in serial form in All the Year Round magazine in 1860. Three different prefaces Collins wrote for the novel, as well as two of his essays on the book's composition, are reprinted, along with nine illustrations. The appendices include contemporary reviews, along with essays on lunacy, asylums, mesmerism, and the rights of women."
The Woman in White by Wilkie Collins Camille Cauti. No description available
"The 9 11 Commission Report Final Report of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States by National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon The United States. The eagerly awaited release of The 9 11 Commission Report has caused an avalanche of press coverage, but nearly all of the media commentary has omitted one important attribute of this instant bestseller its readability. For once, our government has produced a report designed for the public that it purports to serve. By comparison, the Starr Commission Report was a confusing hodgepodge cobbled together for lawyer clones, and the Warren Commission Report resembled a hastily constructed mountain of data. By contrast, The 9 11 Commission Report is a model of narrative clarity. Reading it, one gains a better sense of every stage and dimension of these truly terrifying events from the rise of Bin Laden and Al Qaeda to the collapse of the World Trade Center and its aftermath. Like a full throttled detective story thrust into real life, it renders the near misses and muffed opportunities that enabled the plot to reach fruition. With sensationalizing or overgeneralizing, the report s authors have given us a document that illuminates the planning and possible countermeasures to these terrible acts. Every American should read this book After all, we are its target audience and its sponsors. R. N. Wilson"
"The Hobbit or There and Back Again by J.R.R. Tolkien. Bilbo Baggins an unambitious hobbitt, and a company of dwarves meet high adventure with trolls, goblins, elves and giant spiders, in search of dragon guarded gold."
The Annotated Hobbit by J.R.R. Tolkien Douglas A. Anderson. No description available
Poems From The Hobbit by J.R.R. Tolkien. No description available
"The Hobbit Or There and Back Again by J.R.R. Tolkien. Bilbo Baggins an unambitious hobbitt, and a company of dwarves meet high adventure with trolls, goblins, elves and giant spiders, in search of dragon guarded gold."
The Hobbit by J.R.R. Tolkien. No description available
Ruthless Rhymes for Heartless Homes and More Ruthless Rhymes by Harry Graham Frank J. Moore D. Streamer. No description available
The Essential Neruda Selected Poems by Pablo Neruda Mark Eisner Lawrence Ferlinghetti Robert Hass Stephen Mitchell Alastair Reid Forrest Gander Jack Hirschman Stephen Kessler John Felstiner. No description available
"Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair by Pablo Neruda W.S. Merwin Cristina Garc a. A translation of the Nobel Prize winning Chilean poet's collection of poems celebrating the beauty and nature of love and the passions, fears, pain, and anguish of human existence"
Veinte poemas de amor y una canci n desesperada Cien sonetos de amor by Pablo Neruda. No description available
Love by Pablo Neruda. No description available
Anil's Ghost by Michael Ondaatje. A novel by the Booker Prize winning author of The English Patient . The result is a disturbing and timeless revelatory journey.
Waiting for My Cats to Die A Memoir by Stacy Horn. No description available
Narcissus and Goldmund by Hermann Hesse Leila Vennewitz. This is the story of a passionate yet uneasy friendship between two men of opposite character who set each other on different paths in life.
Edward Lear's Book of Nonsense With Lear's Original Illustrations by Edward Lear Simcha Shtull. A collection of over one hundred limericks accompanied by the author's original illustrations
"A Sparrow Falls Courtney 3 by Wilbur Smith. Mark picked the weapon off the rack and the shape and feel of it brought memories crowding back. He thrust them aside. He would need a rifle where he was going. A father builds. A son destroys. General Sean Courtney returns from the horrors of the Great War in France, his mind on his heirs and his legacy. He is watching three potential successors his beautiful but spoiled daughter, Storm. His corrupt, disgraced son Dirk. And his new young assistant, Mark Anders, a fellow survivor of the trenches. Mark finds himself trapped between Sean's two children, shaped by an impossible love for Storm, and a victim of Dirk's ongoing hatred, greed and jealousy. With all Sean's experience of war and family, can he protect Mark and everything Sean has ever stood for? A Courtney series adventure Book 3 in the When the Lion Feeds trilogy"
Providence of a Sparrow Lessons from a Life Gone to the Birds by Chris Chester. No description available
"Sparrow Hawk Red by Ben Mikaelsen. When thirteen year old Ricky Diaz discovers that his mother was murdered by drug dealers, he's desperate for revenge. But his father, a former drug enforcement agent, refuses the mission the DEA now offers to steal an airplane with an American made radar detector that the cartel uses to smuggle drugs from Mexico. Angry with his father for throwing away the chance to avenge his mother, Ricky decides to take matters into his own hands he will steal the plane. He runs away to Mexico, disguising himself as one of the many rateros, or homeless children. Life on the streets proves extremely hard and dangerous, and he's barely surviving when he meets Soledad, a crafty but kindhearted ratera. With her help, he must find a way to get into the drug cartel's compound and take the plane or end up as yet another casualty in the raging drug war. In this thrilling novel, author Ben Mikaelsen sheds light on America's war on drugs and the grittiness of street life while exploring an unexpected friendship and the healing power of family. Readers who require a fast paced plot with lots of action, tension, and danger will find everything they want in Mikaelsen's latest novel....A dynamite story. Booklist starred review A California Young Readers' Medal Winner A Pacific Northwest Library Association Readers' Choice"
"The Fall of a Sparrow by Robert Hellenga. In his rich and dazzling new novel, the author of the bestselling The Sixteen Pleasures chronicles the journey of a man awakening from profound sorrow and rediscovering love in a most unexpected time and place."
"The Bluebird and the Sparrow Women of the West 10 by Janette Oke. Sometimes she wished she was an only child . . . She's lovely! Look at those curls. Those blue eyes. She's just beautiful! Berta was used to hearing comments like that. But they were not about her. . . . Whenever ladies came to the house or met her mother on the street, they exclaimed over Berta's little sister, Glenna. Somewhere along the way, Berta decided that whatever Glenna was, she would not be. Whatever Glenna did, she would not do. Whatever Glenna liked, she would not like. She would be the opposite. Sure enough, Glenna is sparkling, vivacious, outgoing, and adored, while Berta is serious, dependable, and prim. Their relationship grows more and more distant until, finally, Berta must look into her heart and discover what truly has caused the rift between them."
Journey of the Sparrows by Fran Leeper Buss Daisy Cubias. No description available
"Aleutian Sparrow by Karen Hesse Evon Zerbetz Kim McGillivray. Vera, a young Aleut girl who lives with an elderly couple on a larger island so that she can attend school, returns home for the summer of 1942 to visit her mother and friends. But when the Japanese launch an air attack on the Aleutian Islands, the U.S. government reacts by evacuating most of the Aleut population. Vera and her village are forced to leave their small island of Kashega and spend the rest of the war in internment camps, facing sickness, suffer, and death."
An Episode of Sparrows by Rumer Godden. No description available
Li Po and Tu Fu Poems by Li Bai Du Fu Arthur Cooper Shui Chien Tung. No description available
6 by J.K. Rowling J.K.. Chinese edition of Harry Potter and the Half Blooded Prince Book 6 . The sixth in the Harry Potter series and a favorite of J. K. Rowling herself. In traditional Chinese.
4 by J.K. Rowling J.K.. Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. In traditional Chinese Edition.
"Five T'ang Poets by Wang Wei Li Bai Li Ho Li Shang yin David Young. Five great poets of the T'ang dynasty eighth and ninth centuries A.D. are represented in this collection Wang Wei, Li Po, Tu Fu, Li Ho, and Li Shang Yin. Each poet is introduced by the translator and represented by a selection that spans the poet's development and career. These constitute some of the greatest lyric poems ever written."
The End of Obscenity The Trials of Lady Chatterley Tropic of Cancer and Fanny Hill by Charles Rembar. No description available
Juniper by Monica Furlong. No description available
The Long Road Back A Survivor's Guide to Anorexia by Judy Tam Sargent Sonia Nordenson. No description available
"The Road Back by Erich Maria Remarque. The sequel to the masterpiece All Quiet on the Western Front, The Road Back is a classic novel of the slow return of peace to Europe in the years following World War I. After four grueling years, the Great War has finally ended. Now Ernst and the few men left from his company cannot help wondering what will become of them. The town they departed as eager young men seems colder, their homes smaller, the reasons their comrades had to die even more inexplicable. For Ernst and his friends, the road back to peace is more treacherous than they ever imagined. Suffering food shortages, political unrest, and a broken heart, Ernst undergoes a crisis that teaches him what there is to live for and what he has that no one can ever take away. The world has a great writer in Erich Maria Remarque. He is a craftsman of unquestionably first rank, a man who can bend language to his will. Whether he writes of men or of inanimate nature, his touch is sensitive, firm, and sure. The New York Times Book Review"
Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe L.J. Swingle. No description available
"Achilles in Vietnam Combat Trauma and the Undoing of Character by Jonathan Shay. An original and groundbreaking examination of the psychological devastation of war through the lens of Homer s Iliad in this compassionate book that deserves a place in the lasting literature of the Vietnam War The New York Times . In this moving and dazzlingly creative book, Dr. Jonathan Shay examines the psychological devastation of war by comparing the soldiers of Homer s Iliad with Vietnam veterans suffering from post traumatic stress disorder. A classic of war literature that has as much relevance as ever in the wake of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, Achilles in Vietnam is a transcendent literary adventure The New York Times and clearly one of the most original and most important scholarly works to have emerged from the Vietnam War Tim O Brien, author of The Things They Carried . As a Veterans Affairs psychiatrist, Shay encountered devastating stories of unhealed PTSD and uncovered the painful paradox that fighting for one s country can render one unfit to be a citizen. With a sensitive and compassionate examination of the battles many Vietnam veterans continue to fight, Shay offers readers a greater understanding of PTSD and how to alleviate the potential suffering of soldiers. Although the Iliad was written twenty seven centuries ago, Shay shows how it has much to teach about combat trauma, as do the more recent, compelling voices and experiences of Vietnam vets. A groundbreaking and provocative monograph, Achilles in Vietnam takes readers on a literary journey that demonstrates how we can learn how war damages the mind and spirit, and work to change those things in our culture that so that we don t continue repeating the same mistakes."
The Work of Mourning by Jacques Derrida Pascale Anne Brault Michael Naas. No description available
Transform Your Life A step by step programme for change by Diana Cooper. No description available
A Short History of Byzantium by John Julius Norwich. No description available
The Middle Sea A History of the Mediterranean by John Julius Norwich. No description available
A History of Venice by John Julius Norwich. No description available
The Normans in Sicily The Normans in the South 1016 1130 and the Kingdom in the Sun 1130 1194 by John Julius Norwich. No description available
"Siddhartha by Hermann Hesse Susan Bernofsky Tom Robbins. What does it mean to live a life of completeness? And how far must one go to understand the pain of others? Is change truly possible? This is the story that proves that it is. In what could be described as equal parts self help book and a novelistic guide to spiritual awakening, Siddhartha has been hailed as prolific and unlike any other. Growing up, Siddhartha never experienced true pain. He was sheltered, as many are, turning a blind eye when the hardships of daily life made itself visible to the peasantry around him. Awakening from a hazy reverie that has shielded Siddhartha from the inevitable, he vows to make a change. With the hope of finding a deeper and resounding life s purpose, Siddhartha, a young man living in the ancient Indian kingdom of Kapilavastu, embarks on a journey of self discovery and actualization. Accompanied by his best friend Govinda, the pair abandon the comfort of their old life by trading their material possessions for what they hope will be eternal enlightenment. Ridding themselves completely of the comforts of their previous life, the duo vow to a life of attempted purity. In a world where suffering is inevitable, Siddhartha hopes that by experiencing the pain so many face, only then will he find the true meaning of life. Siddhartha, written by German author Hermann Hesse in 1951, is a tale of self discovery and spiritual awakening. The novel as a whole explores the totality of the human experience, of what it means to abandon the parameters of comfort and routine in search for a higher calling."
Siddhartha by Hermann Hesse Joachim Neugroschel Ralph Freedman. No description available
"Siddhartha by Hermann Hesse. What does it mean to live a life of completeness? And how far must one go to understand the pain of others? Is change truly possible? This is the story that proves that it is. In what could be described as equal parts self help book and a novelistic guide to spiritual awakening, Siddhartha has been hailed as prolific and unlike any other. Growing up, Siddhartha never experienced true pain. He was sheltered, as many are, turning a blind eye when the hardships of daily life made itself visible to the peasantry around him. Awakening from a hazy reverie that has shielded Siddhartha from the inevitable, he vows to make a change. With the hope of finding a deeper and resounding life s purpose, Siddhartha, a young man living in the ancient Indian kingdom of Kapilavastu, embarks on a journey of self discovery and actualization. Accompanied by his best friend Govinda, the pair abandon the comfort of their old life by trading their material possessions for what they hope will be eternal enlightenment. Ridding themselves completely of the comforts of their previous life, the duo vow to a life of attempted purity. In a world where suffering is inevitable, Siddhartha hopes that by experiencing the pain so many face, only then will he find the true meaning of life. Siddhartha, written by German author Hermann Hesse in 1951, is a tale of self discovery and spiritual awakening. The novel as a whole explores the totality of the human experience, of what it means to abandon the parameters of comfort and routine in search for a higher calling."
The Moonstone by Wilkie Collins Carolyn G. Heilbrun. No description available
The Moonstone by Wilkie Collins. No description available
"The Moonstone by Wilkie Collins P.D. James. Intrigue, investigations, thievery, drugs and murder all make an appearance in Collins s classic who done it, The Moonstone. Published in serial form in 1868, it was inspired in part by a spectacular murder case widely reported in the early 1860s. Collins s story revolves around a diamond stolen from a Hindu holy place. On her eighteenth birthday, Rachel Verinder receives the diamond, but by the following morning the stone has been stolen again. As the story unravels through multiple eyewitness accounts, the elderly Sergeant Cuff with a face sharp as a hatchet looks for the culprit. One of Collins s best loved novels, with an exciting plot moved along by deftly drawn characters and elegant pacing, The Moonstone was also turned into a play by Collins the play appears as an appendix to this edition."
"Ride of the Second Horseman The Birth and Death of War by Robert L. O'Connell. In times of underpopulation, slaves weretaken to provide labor. O'Connell explores the histories of the civilizations of ancient Sumeria, Egypt, Assyria, China, and the New World, showing how war came to each and how it adapted to varying circumstances. On the other hand, societies based on trade employed war much more selectively andpragmatically. Thus, Minoan Crete, long protected from marauding pastoralists, developed a wealthy mercantile society marked by unmilitaristic attitudes, equality between men and women, and a relative absence of class distinctions. In Assyria, by contrast, war came to be an end in itself, in aculture dominated by male warriors. Despite the violence in the world today, O'Connell finds reason for hope. The industrial revolution broke the old patterns of subsistence war no longer serves the demographic purpose it once did."
Beloved by Toni Morrison. No description available
Life of the Beloved Spiritual Living in a Secular World by Henri J.M. Nouwen. No description available
"Come Away My Beloved by Frances J. Roberts. Celebrating 50 Years of Frances Roberts s Powerful Reminder of God s All Encompassing Love Here s your invitation to deeper intimacy with your loving heavenly Father with this devotional classic from Frances J. Roberts. This powerful book, featuring original text and scripture from the King James Version of the Bible, shares the ministering spirit of the heavenly Father when you need a little encouragement, hope, comfort, and conviction. Through compelling prose and poetry, author Frances J. Roberts will challenge you to a deeper intimacy with God."
"Israel My Beloved by Kay Arthur. When Israel, My Beloved first released, it immediately captured the 1 spot on the CBA hardcover fiction bestseller list and stayed on the list for months. Kay Arthur's dramatic, epic style novel is now available in softcover with a beautiful new cover and a historical timeline that corresponds with the fascinating retelling of Israel's story. History comes alive as Kay begins with the tragic mistakes that led to Israel's captivity by Babylon and takes readers all the way to the modern day miracles of triumph against all odds. A heartwarming novel filled with adventure and suspense, Israel, My Beloved is an incredible testimony of God's great love and faithfulness even in Israel's darkest hour."
Beloved Bride The Letters of Stonewall Jackson to His Wife by Bill Potter Stephen Lang. No description available
The Search for the Beloved Journeys in Mythology and Sacred Psychology Inner Workbook by Jean Houston. No description available
"Reservation Blues by Sherman Alexie. DIVDIVWinner of the American Book Award and the Murray Morgan Prize, Sherman Alexie s brilliant first novel tells a powerful tale of Indians, rock n roll, and redemption div Coyote Springs is the only all Indian rock band in Washington State and the entire rest of the world. Thomas Builds the Fire takes vocals and bass guitar, Victor Joseph hits lead guitar, and Junior Polatkin rounds off the sound on drums. Backup vocals come from sisters Chess and Checkers Warm Water. The band sings its own brand of the blues, full of poverty, pain, and loss but also joy and laughter.DIV It all started one day when legendary bluesman Robert Johnson showed up on the Spokane Indian Reservation with a magical guitar, leaving it on the floor of Thomas Builds the Fire s van after setting off to climb Wellpinit Mountain in search of Big Mom. divDIV In Reservation Blues, National Book Award winner Alexie vaults with ease from comedy to tragedy and back in a tour de force outing powered by a collision of cultures Delta blues and Indian rock. DIVThis ebook features an illustrated biography including rare photos from the author s personal collection. div divDIV div div"
"The Border Trilogy All the Pretty Horses The Crossing Cities of the Plain by Cormac McCarthy. Book Jacket Status Jacketed Available together in one volume for the first time, the three novels of Cormac McCarthy's award winning and bestselling Border Trilogy constitute a genuine American epic. Beginning with All the Pretty Horses and continuing through The Crossing and Cities of the Plain, McCarthy chronicles the lives of two young men coming of age in the Southwest and Mexico, poised on the edge of a world about to change forever. Hauntingly beautiful, filled with sorrow and humor, The Border Trilogy is a masterful elegy for the American frontier."
Music Silence by Rose Tremain. No description available
The Periodic Table by Primo Levi. No description available
Survival in Auschwitz by Primo Levi Stuart J. Woolf Philip Roth. No description available
"The Reawakening by Primo Levi Stuart J. Woolf. First published in English in 1965, The Reawakening is Primo Levi's bestselling sequel to his classic memoir of the Holocaust, Survival in Auschwitz. The inspiring story of Levi's liberation from the German death camp in January 1945 by the Red Army, it tells of his strange and eventful journey home to Italy by way of the Soviet Union, Hungary, and Romania. Levi's railway travels take him through bombed out cities and transit camps, with keen insight he describes the former prisoners and Russian soldiers he encounters along the way. An extraordinary account of faith, hope, and undying courage, The Reawakening was praised by Irving Howe as a remarkable feat of literary craft."
"The Drowned and the Saved by Primo Levi. In his final book before his death, Primo Levi returns once more to his time at Auschwitz in a moving meditation on memory, resiliency, and the struggle to comprehend unimaginable tragedy. Drawing on history, philosophy, and his own personal experiences, Levi asks if we have already begun to forget about the Holocaust. His last book before his death, Levi returns to the subject that would define his reputation as a writer and a witness. Levi breaks his book into eight essays, ranging from topics like the unreliability of memory to how violence twists both the victim and the victimizer. He shares how difficult it is for him to tell his experiences with his children and friends. He also debunks the myth that most of the Germans were in the dark about the Final Solution or that Jews never attempted to escape the camps. As the Holocaust recedes into the past and fewer and fewer survivors are left to tell their stories, The Drowned and the Saved is a vital first person testament. Along with Elie Wiesel and Hannah Arendt, Primo Levi is remembered as one of the most powerful and perceptive writers on the Holocaust and the Jewish experience during World War II. This is an essential book both for students and literary readers. Reading Primo Levi is a lesson in the resiliency of the human spirit."
"The Monkey's Wrench by Primo Levi William Weaver Ruth Feldman Ruth Tenzer Feldman. A chemist turned writer and a construction rigger in a remote factory pass the time swapping tales of their lives and voyages. Primo Levi s most light hearted novel, The Monkey s Wrench is a tribute to storytelling, human ingenuity, and the importance of finding meaningful work in life. A lot of stories have happened to me, says Faussone, the mysterious construction rigger at the center of this comic novel by Primo Levi. Far from home on a work assignment, Libertino Faussone befriends the book s narrator, a chemist based loosely off of Levi himself. Although he can t quite explain it, the chemist is immediately entranced by the wandering laborer who has traveled to every corner of the world. The two embark on an unlikely friendship, trading tales filled with curses and spies, scandal and heartbreak. With its easy going and even whimsical tone, The Monkey s Wrench is a change from Primo Levi s other works. Yet its message is just as vital. The novel reminds us about the importance of connection between strangers, our endless capacity to solve even the most challenging of problems, and finding fulfillment in work. Along with Elie Wiesel and Hannah Arendt, Primo Levi is remembered as one of the most powerful and perceptive writers on the Holocaust and the Jewish experience during World War II. This is an essential book both for students and literary readers. Reading Primo Levi is a lesson in the resiliency of the human spirit."
Primo Levi A Life by Ian Thomson. No description available
"Wuthering Heights by Emily Bront. If you've ever come across the word Wuthering , chances are that either Kate Bush played over the speakers or you were reading the title of this very book, as nobody has used it in any other contexts since 1847. And while you should take that statement with a grain of salt, let there be no doubt that Wuthering Heights is a big fictional deal. After a supernatural encounter in his landlord's farmhouse the titular Wuthering Heights , Mr. Lockwood persuades the former housekeeper to relate the story of her old master, Heathcliff. Adopted into the house as a favoured son, Heathcliff draws the ire of his half brother, who relegates him to servant status after their father's passing. Brotherly tensions continue to rise, an impossible love blooms and Heathcliff ends up fleeing the household in dramatic fashion only to one day return. A riveting tale of love, obsession, hate and revenge, Wuthering Heights is an absolutely essential read if you have even a passing interest in classic English literature or simply need proper references for your Kate Bush songs. Adaptations of Wuthering Heights is its own Wikipedia page. Emily Bront 1818 1848 is the second eldest of the Bront sisters, who just like her sisters published under a male pseudonym. Her literary career began with writing poetry, which she published in a joint collection with Charlotte and Anne. Her health was always problematic, and she died at the young age of 30 years. Her only novel Wuthering Heights is hailed as one of the most influential and popular classics in English literature."
Disgrace by J.M. Coetzee. No description available
"Waiting for the Barbarians by J.M. Coetzee. A modern classic by Nobel Laureate J.M. Coetzee. His latest novel, The Schooldays of Jesus, is now available from Viking. Late Essays 2006 2016 will be available January 2018. For decades the Magistrate has been a loyal servant of the Empire, running the affairs of a tiny frontier settlement and ignoring the impending war with the barbarians. When interrogation experts arrive, however, he witnesses the Empire's cruel and unjust treatment of prisoners of war. Jolted into sympathy for their victims, he commits a quixotic act of rebellion that brands him an enemy of the state. J. M. Coetzee's prize winning novel is a startling allegory of the war between opressor and opressed. The Magistrate is not simply a man living through a crisis of conscience in an obscure place in remote times his situation is that of all men living in unbearable complicity with regimes that ignore justice and decency. Mark Rylance Wolf Hall, Bridge of Spies , Ciro Guerra and producer Michael Fitzgerald are teaming up to to bring J.M. Coetzee's Waiting for the Barbarians to the big screen."
The Lives of Animals by J.M. Coetzee Amy Gutmann Peter Singer Wendy Doniger Barbara Smuts Marjorie Garber. No description available
"Boyhood Scenes from Provincial Life by J.M. Coetzee. Coetzee shares his boyhood north of Cape Town, South Africa, including his relationship with his parents, his first encounters with literature, his awakening of sexual desire, his growing awareness of apartheid, and his abiding love of the veld."
"Youth by J.M. Coetzee. Essays in ego psychology, based on papers written from 1951 to 1967, by a neo Freudian analyst and theorist."
Age of Iron by J.M. Coetzee. No description available
"The Wife Kristin Lavransdatter 2 by Sigrid Undset Tiina Nunnally Sherrill Harbison. Sigrid Undset should be the next Elena Ferrante. Slate A Penguin Classic Kristin Lavransdatter interweaves political, social, and religious history with the daily aspects of family life to create a colorful, richly detailed tapestry of Norway during the fourteenth century. The trilogy, however, is more than a journey into the past. Undset's own life her familiarity with Norse sagas and folklore and with a wide range of medieval literature, her experiences as a daughter, wife, and mother, and her deep religious faith profoundly influenced her writing. Her grasp of the connections between past and present and of human nature itself, combined with the extraordinary quality of her writing, sets her works far above the genre of historical novels. This new translation by Tina Nunnally the first English version since Charles Archer's translation in the 1920s captures Undset's strengths as a stylist. Nunnally, an award winning translator, retains the natural dialog and lyrical flow of the original Norwegian, with its echoes of Old Norse legends, while deftly avoiding the stilted language and false archaisms of Archer's translation. In addition, she restores key passages left out of that edition. Undset's ability to present a meticulously accurate historical portrait without sacrificing the poetry and narrative drive of masterful storytelling was particularly significant in her homeland. Granted independence in 1905 after five hundred years of foreign domination, Norway was eager to reclaim its national history and culture. Kristin Lavransdatter became a touchstone for Undset's contemporaries, and continues to be widely read by Norwegians today. In the more than 75 years since it was first published, it has also become a favorite throughout the world. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up to date translations by award winning translators."
"Kristin Lavransdatter Kristin Lavransdatter 1 3 by Sigrid Undset Tiina Nunnally Brad Leithauser. Kristin Lavransdatter is a story of love, loyalty, and betrayal, set against a richly detailed historical backdrop of fourteenth century Norway. The Cross 1922 finds Kristin returning with her husband, Erlend, and their sons to her childhood home, Jorundgaard. As the boys grow older, Kristin is increasingly worried about their prospects, and she and Erlend become estranged. The most devastating and emotional volume in the trilogy, The Cross chronicles the trials and losses Kristin must bear. Tiina Nunnally's exquisite rendering of this unforgettable novel, both more faithful to the beauty of the original Norwegian and more readable than the existing translation, is the first new English translation of Undset's masterpiece. Copyright Libri GmbH. All rights reserved."
"The Axe The Master of Hestviken 1 by Sigrid Undset Arthur G. Chater. Set in thirteenth century Norway, a land racked by political turmoil and bloody family vendettas, The Axe is the first volume in Sigrid Undset's epic tetralogy, The Master of Hestviken. In it we meet Olav Audunsson and Ingunn Steinfinnsdatter, who were betrothed as children and raised as brother and sister. Now, in the heedlessness of youth, they become lovers, unaware that their ardor will forge the first link in a chain of murder, exile, and disgrace. Soaringly romantic and psychologically nuanced, Undset's novel is also a meticulous re creation of a world split between pagan codes of retribution and the rigors of Christian piety a world where law is a fragile new invention and manslaughter is so common that it's punishable by fine."
"The Cross Kristin Lavransdatter 3 by Sigrid Undset Tiina Nunnally Sherrill Harbison. Kristin Lavransdatter is a story of love, loyalty, and betrayal, set against a richly detailed historical backdrop of fourteenth century Norway. The Cross 1922 finds Kristin returning with her husband, Erlend, and their sons to her childhood home, Jorundgaard. As the boys grow older, Kristin is increasingly worried about their prospects, and she and Erlend become estranged. The most devastating and emotional volume in the trilogy, The Cross chronicles the trials and losses Kristin must bear. Tiina Nunnally's exquisite rendering of this unforgettable novel, both more faithful to the beauty of the original Norwegian and more readable than the existing translation, is the first new English translation of Undset's masterpiece. Copyright Libri GmbH. All rights reserved."
"The Wreath Kristin Lavransdatter 1 by Sigrid Undset Tiina Nunnally. The Bridal Wreath by Sigrid Undset and translated by Charles Archer and J. S. Scott was originally published in Norwegian in 1920 and set in fourteenth century Norway, The Wreath chronicles the courtship of a headstrong and passionate young woman and a dangerously charming and impetuous man. The story Undset tells is a modern one it mirrors post World War I political and religious anxieties, and introduces a heroine who has long captivated contemporary readers."
"The Mistress of Husaby Kristin Lavransdatter 2 by Sigrid Undset. The acknowledged masterpiece of the Nobel Prize winning Norwegian novelist Sigrid Undset, Kristin Lavransdatter has never been out of print in this country since its first publication in 1927. Its story of a woman's life in fourteenth century Norway has kept its hold on generations of readers, and the heroine, Kristin beautiful, strong willed, and passionate stands with the world's great literary figures. Volume 11, The Mistress of Husaby, tells of Kristin's troubled and eventful married life on the great estate of Husaby, to which her husband has taken her."
"Jenny by Sigrid Undset Tiina Nunnally. Brilliantly researched and wonderfully written, Love and Capital reveals the rarely glimpsed and heartbreakingly human side of the man whose works would redefine the world after his death. Drawing upon previously unpublished material, acclaimed biographer Mary Gabriel tells the story of Karl and Jenny Marx's marriage. Through it, we see Karl as never before a devoted father and husband, a prankster who loved a party, a dreadful procrastinator, freeloader, and man of wild enthusiasms one of which would almost destroy his marriage. Through years of desperate struggle, Jenny's love for Karl would be tested again and again as she waited for him to finish his masterpiece, Capital. An epic narrative that stretches over decades to recount Karl and Jenny's story against the backdrop of Europe's Nineteenth Century, Love andCapital is a surprising and magisterial account of romance and revolution and of one of the great love stories of all time."
The Unknown Sigrid Undset Jenny and Other Works by Sigrid Undset Tim Page Tiina Nunnally Naomi Walford. No description available
Gunnar's Daughter by Sigrid Undset Sherrill Harbison Arthur G. Chater. No description available
"The Snake Pit The Master of Hestviken 2 by Sigrid Undset Arthur G. Chater. Set in medieval Norway, The Snake Pit follows Olav and Ingunn, who, though raised as brother sister, have become lovers in a world caught between the fading sphere of pagan worship and vendettas and the expansion of Christianity."
"The Son Avenger The Master of Hestviken 4 by Sigrid Undset. Powerfully written and filled with magnificent vignettes of the daily life of a medieval estate, 'The Son Avenger' suggests a Greek tragedy whose vision of fate coexists with a Christian sense of suffering and forgiveness. And in the somber, twilight figure of 'Olav the Bad, ' Undset has created an antihero as moving as Oedipus or Lear."
"An Imaginary Life by David Malouf. In the first century A.D., Publius Ovidius Naso, the most urbane and irreverent poet of imperial Rome, was banished to a remote village on the edge of the Black Sea. From these sparse facts, Malouf has fashioned an audacious and supremely moving novel. Marooned on the edge of the known world, exiled from his native tongue, Ovid depends on the kindness of barbarians who impale their dead and converse with the spirit world.Then he becomes the guardian of a still more savage creature, a feral child who has grown up among deer. What ensues is a luminous encounter between civilization and nature, as enacted by a poet who once cataloged the treacheries of love and a boy who slowly learns how to give it. A work of unusual intelligence and imagination, full of surprising images and insights...One of those rare books you end up underlining and copying out into notebooks and reading out loud to friends. The New York Times Book Review"
"The Great World by David Malouf. A collection of stories by three time World Fantasy Award finalist Darrell Schweitzer, as designed and illustrated by WFA winning artist Jason Van Hollander. The works show a wide range, from Arthurian fantasy to modern horror to humorous science fiction and even include one of Schweitzer's popular Tom O'Bedlam stories."
A Very Long Engagement by S bastien Japrisot. No description available
Birdsong by Sebastian Faulks. No description available
The Collected Poems of Wilfred Owen by Wilfred Owen Cecil Day Lewis. No description available
"Murder in Foggy Bottom Capital Crimes 17 by Margaret Truman. Once it was a swamp. Now Foggy Bottom is swimming with real estate sharks. When a man is found stabbed to death in this trendy D.C. neighborhood, it is major news. But within forty eight hours the nation is gripped by a fear that leaves this comparatively small crime in the dark. Three passenger planes are shot out of the sky. Everywhere in law enforcement, in the media, and in the most secret realms of government men and women scramble to find out who shot hand held missiles at the planes, and why. It is a search that reaches from Moscow to the Pacific Northwest, putting some people s lives in jeopardy and turning others lives inside out. But no one can guess the truth that the epicenter of the terrorist outbreak is Washington D.C. . . . and a dead man behind a park bench in a place called Foggy Bottom."
The Road by Cormac McCarthy. No description available
The Road to Serfdom by Friedrich A. Hayek. No description available
"Road of the Patriarch Forgotten Realms The Sellswords 3 by R.A. Salvatore. Another thrilling installment in the classic D D inspired Legend of Drizzt series While assassin Artemis Entreri wrestles with his past, dark elf Jarlaxle continues to fight for his place in the surface world. Ilnezhara and Tazmikella are ancient dragons of great power, accustomed to easily manipulating the humans around them. But not all humans are so easily led. When they pushed Entreri and Jarlaxle into the heart of the Bloodstone Lands, not even they could have imagined the strength of the human assassin s resolve, or the limitless expanse of the drow mercenary s ambition. Jarlaxle and Artemis Entreri have begun to make a home for themselves in the rugged Bloodstone Lands, though not everyone is ready to trust a man who's spent his life killing for coin much less a member of a race of subterranean elves known for their fanatical devotion to a demon goddess. If they want to make it out of the Bloodstone Lands alive, they'll have to learn to trust their enemies, and be suspicious of their friends. Road of the Patriarch is the third book in the Sellswords trilogy and the sixteenth book in the Legend of Drizzt series."
"Road Trip USA Cross Country Adventures on America's Two Lane Highways by Jamie Jensen. Now in its expanded fifth edition, the bestselling Road Trip USA features cross country routes and road tested advice for adventurers who want to see the parts of America that the interstates have left behind. 140 maps."
Howl's Moving Castle Howl's Moving Castle 1 by Diana Wynne Jones. A new look for one of Diana Wynne Jones' funniest and most popular novels.
Howl and Other Poems by Allen Ginsberg William Carlos Williams. No description available
"When Rabbit Howls by Truddi Chase Robert A. Phillips. A woman diagnosed with dissociative identity disorder reveals her harrowing journey from abuse to recovery in this 1 New York Times bestselling autobiography written by her own multiple personalities. Successful, happily married Truddi Chase began therapy hoping to find the reasons behind her extreme anxiety, mood swings, and periodic blackouts. What emerged from her sessions was terrifying Truddi s mind and body were inhabited by the Troops ninety two individual voices that emerged to shield her from her traumatizing childhood. For years the Troops created a world where she could hide from the pain of the ritualized sexual abuse she suffered at the hands of her own stepfather abuse that began when she was only two years old. It was a past that Truddi didn t even know existed, until she and her therapist took a journey to where the nightmare began... Written by the Troops themselves, When Rabbit Howls is told by the very alter egos who stayed with Truddi Chase, watched over her, and protected her. What they reveal is a spellbinding descent into a personal hell and an ultimate, triumphant deliverance for the woman they became."
"The Art of Howl's Moving Castle by Hayao Miyazaki Yuji Oniki Joe Hisaishi. Shortly after reaping the rewards from his movie Spirited Away, a project that earned him an Academy Award in 2003, director Hayao Miyazaki set his sites on his next film, Howl's Moving Castle.Based on the novel by British author Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle gave the internationally renown director an opportunity to bring to life a fantastical time in 19th century Europe when science and magic defined the popular zeitgeist.Veering slightly from its source material, the new Miyazaki movie nonetheless retains all the novel's principal characters. There's a foppish wizard named Howl, a vain witch from the wastelands, an anthropomorphic chimney fire and a young girl who carries a most unusual curse. And, of course, there's the moving castle a towering, omnipresent structure that dominates the landscape. Already a smash success in Japan, Howl's Moving Castle finally comes to U.S. theatres this spring. To coincide with its Stateside release, VIZ is proud to present The Art of Howl's Moving Castle, a hardbound, prestige format book which acts as an essential companion to the film. A generous collection of concept sketches, fully rendered character and background drawings, paintings and cell images, The Art of Howl's Moving Castle brings the movie into your library. Along with the stunning visuals, the book also presents interviews and comments with the production staff, including key points directly from the director.There's more than one way to book passage on the moving castle. See the movie, but don't forget to reserve a copy of the book, as well. The Art of Howl's Moving Castle is a great way to preserve the magic of the next great anime classic from Hayao Miyazaki. Shortly after reaping the rewards from his movie Spirited Away, a project that earned him an Academy Award in 2003, director Hayao Miyazaki set his sites on his next film, Howl's Moving Castle. Based on the novel by British author Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle gave the internationally renowned director an opportunity to bring to life a fantastical time in 19th century Europe when science and magic defined the popular zeitgeist. Veering slightly from its source material, the new Miyazaki movie nonetheless retains all the novel's principal characters. There's a foppish wizard named Howl, a vain witch from the wastelands, an anthropomorphic chimney fire and a young girl who carries a most unusual curse. And, of course, there's the moving castle a towering, omnipresent structure that dominates the landscape. Already a smash success in Japan, Howl's Moving Castle finally comes to U.S. theatres this spring. To coincide with its Stateside release, VIZ is proud to present The Art of Howl's Moving Castle, a hardbound, prestige format book which acts as an essential companion to the film. A generous collection of concept sketches, fully rendered character and background drawings, paintings and cell images, The Art of Howl's Moving Castle brings the movie into your library. Along with the stunning visuals, the book also presents interviews and comments with the production staff, including key points directly from the director. There's more than one way to book passage on the moving castle. See the movie, but don't forget to reserve a copy of the book, as well. The Art of Howl's Moving Castle is a great way to preserve the magic of the next great anime classic from Hayao Miyazaki."
Howl Original Draft Facsimile Transcript Variant Versions Fully Annotated by Author with Contemporaneous Correspondence by Allen Ginsberg Barry Miles. No description available
The Best of America's Test Kitchen 2007 The Year's Best Recipes Equipment Reviews and Tastings by America's Test Kitchen. No description available
"Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Charlie Bucket 1 by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. Now a Broadway musical! Roald Dahl's iconic story of a little boy, a golden ticket, and a fantastical chocolate factory has been adapted into a wonderful new musical. This edition has a great new cover featuring the musical's poster art and a foreword by Jack O'Brien, Tony Award winning Director. Willy Wonka's famous chocolate factory is opening at last! But only five lucky children will be allowed inside. And the winners are Augustus Gloop, an enormously fat boy whose hobby is eating Veruca Salt, a spoiled rotten brat whose parents are wrapped around her little finger Violet Beauregarde, a dim witted gum chewer with the fastest jaws around Mike Teavee, a toy pistol toting gangster in training who is obsessed with television and Charlie Bucket, Our Hero, a boy who is honest and kind, brave and true, and good and ready for the wildest time of his life!"
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory A Play by Richard R. George Roald Dahl. No description available
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Abridged by Roald Dahl. No description available
Collected Stories by Roald Dahl Jeremy Treglown. No description available
Roald Dahl Treasury by Roald Dahl. No description available
"Dirty Beasts by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. The much loved Roald Dahl collection of hilarious animal rhymes, updated for a whole new generation of readers with an exciting new interior design and cover look. A collection of mainly grisly beasts out for human blood, ranging from Crocky Wock the crocodile to Stingaling the scorpion. Described in verse with all Dahl's usual gusto and illustrated in suitably lurid style by Quentin Blake. Exciting, bold and instantly recognisable with Quentin Blake's inimitable artwork."
Never Let Me Go by Kazuo Ishiguro. No description available
"Never Let Me Go by Kazuo Ishiguro Rosalyn Landor. NOBEL PRIZE WINNER The moving, suspenseful, beautifully atmospheric modern classic from the acclaimed author of The Remains of the Day and Klara and the Sun a Gothic tour de force The New York Times with an extraordinary twist. Speculative, experimental, and humanly moving. . . . Miraculous The New Republic A page turner and a heartbreaker, a tour de force of knotted tension and buried anguish. TIME As children, Kathy, Ruth, and Tommy were students at Hailsham, an exclusive boarding school secluded in the English countryside. It was a place of mercurial cliques and mysterious rules where teachers were constantly reminding their charges of how special they were. Now, years later, Kathy is a young woman. Ruth and Tommy have reentered her life. And for the first time she is beginning to look back at their shared past and understand just what it is that makes them special and how that gift will shape the rest of their time together."
Homeric Moments Clues to Delight in Reading the Odyssey and the Iliad by Eva Brann. No description available
Paradoxes of Education in a Republic by Eva Brann. No description available
"The Music of the Republic Essays on Socrates' Conversations and Plato's Writings by Eva Brann. The title essay...is a miniature masterpiece, one of the most seminal writings of our time on Plato's Republic. John Sallis"
Open Secrets Inward Prospects Reflections on World and Soul by Eva Brann. No description available
Phaedo by Plato Eva Brann Peter Kalkavage Eric Salem. No description available
Rocky Stories Tales of Love Hope and Happiness at America's Most Famous Steps by Michael Vitez Tom Gralish Sylvester Stallone. No description available
"My Heart May Be Broken but My Hair Still Looks Great Domestic Equalizers 2 by Dixie Cash. Welcome to Salt Lick, Texas, home of big hair, big ranches, and two of the biggest busybodies ever to wield a blow dryer Debbie Sue and Edwina, also known as the Domestic Equalizers. Their motto Don't run over him get over him! Their mission Track down and expose your straying man. And they won't stop until female domestic justice is served. Debbie Sue Overstreet and Edwina Perkins Martin have never encountered a problem that couldn't be fixed with a strong margarita, a whole lot of hairspray, and an ear for gossip. They've learned that you'll only find a straying spouse or solve a crime by keeping your senses alert. After all, every red blooded Texas woman knows ears are more than just a place to hang your diamond earrings! Newcomers stand out in Salt Lick like a preacher in a liquor store, and all ears and eyes are on Paige McBride and Spur Atwater. Paige arrived in town with nothing more than two hundred dollars in her pocket and a Cadillac SUV packed with designer clothes. Her oil rich daddy has cut her off without a penny and now it's time for her to get one of those real jobs. The Domestic Equalizers know that Paige and her Barbie doll looks are gonna stir things up. Soon every cowboy, trucker, and even one of Debbie Sue's ex boyfriends, a rodeo star, is knocking on Paige's door. And, at just about the time she turns up to start her job tending the best cutting horses in Texas, the horses start disappearing from all the local ranches. Paige discovers she actually likes her work. After all, horses are more loyal than most men. But she doesn't like Spur, the new town veterinarian. Besides being movie star good looking, Spur's an ex football star. Women of all ages love the new vet, and suddenly, more cats and dogs are getting sick than ever before. Working on the ranch means Paige can't avoid the man, and all those disappearing horses bring her together with the Domestic Equalizers. Edwina and Debbie Sue think that Spur and Paige make the cutest couple whether they're too bull headed to realize it or not. But finding themselves knee deep in the muck of a horse thievin' and husband cheatin' escapade is a whole other issue. No doubt about it, hearts are definitely going to get broken, but if these gals have anything to do with it, the hairstyles around town are still gonna look great!"
"Since You're Leaving Anyway Take Out the Trash Domestic Equalizers 1 by Dixie Cash. The strongest, sexiest, and sassiest debut contemporary romance we've seen since Rachel Gibson! The quality of Dixie's writing combined with the pure romance of the story guarantees that Avon Romance has just acquired a new star. Debbie Sue Overstreet is still the best looking gal in Saltlick, TX and her ex husband Buddy is still the best looking sheriff. Thanks to a thriving gossip mill also known as Debbie's hair salon , there isn't a thing in Saltlick that she doesn't know about before anyone else. That is, until somebody offs snooty Pearl Ann Carruthers. With Buddy on the case, the woman who has to know everything is stumped by not just one, but two questions first, who killed Pearl Ann and why, and second, how on earth did she ever let Buddy Overstreet get away? Lucky for Saltlick and Buddy both, she means to find out the answers, no matter what it takes!"
Blessings from the Other Side Wisdom and Comfort from the Afterlife for This Life by Sylvia Browne Lindsay Harrison. No description available
Mother God The Feminine Principle to Our Creator by Sylvia Browne. No description available
Thanksgiving by Janet Evanovich. The origins and ever changing story of America's favorite holiday
"Plum Lovin' Stephanie Plum 12.5 by Janet Evanovich. Love is in the air in Trenton, New Jersey. Its a new year for Stephanie, Lula, and the gang and Connie Rosolli has a secret admirer. Or does she? Connie is receiving both love and hate letters. Could they be from the same person, or does she have two stalkers? Stephanie is determined to find out. Martins Press."
"Four to Score Stephanie Plum 4 by Janet Evanovich. While working for her bail bondsman cousin, Trenton, New Jersey, bounty hunter Stephanie Plum finds herself hot on the trail of a revenge seeking waitress who seems to be leaving a wide swath of murder and mayhem wherever she goes."
"Seven Up Stephanie Plum 7 by Janet Evanovich. The smash hit 1 bestselling author Janet Evanovich takes you on the ride of your life in the next Stephanie Plum adventure, Seven Up! Semiretired mob guy Eddie DeCooch is caught trafficking contraband cigarettes through Trenton, New Jersey. When DeCooch fails to show for a court appearance, bond enforcement agent Stephanie Plum is assigned the task of finding him and dragging his decrepit ass back to jail. Not such an easy job, it turns out, since DeCooch has learned a lot of tricks over the years and isn't afraid to use his gun. He's already shot Loretta Ricci, an innocent old lady, and left her for worm food in his shed. He wouldn't mind shooting Stephanie next. Likeable losers and Steph's former high school classmates Walter MoonMan Dunphy and Dougie The Dealer Kruper have inadvertently become involved with DeCooch. They've gotten sucked into an operation that is much more than simple cigarette smuggling and holds risks far greater than anyone could have imagined. When Dougie disappears, Steph goes into search mode. When Mooner disappears, she calls in the heavy artillery and asks master bounty hunter Ranger for help. Ranger's price for the job? One night with Stephanie, dusk to dawn. Not information she wants to share with her sometime live in roommate, vice cop Joe Morelli, A typical dilemma in the world of Plum. And on the homefront, Stephanie's perfect sister, Valerie, has decided to move back to Trenton, bringing her two kids from hell with her. Grandma Mazur is asking questions about being a lesbian, and Bob, the bulimic dog, is eating everything in sight including the furniture. Mud wrestling, motorcycles, fast cars, fast food, and fast men. It's Janet Evanovich's Seven Up."
"Hard Eight Stephanie Plum 8 by Janet Evanovich Lorelei King. Hired to find a missing child, Stephanie soon wonders if she's working on the right side of the law. And complications have arisen in her relationship with Morelli."
"Motor Mouth Alex Barnaby 2 by Janet Evanovich. Miami is still freakin' humid. The nights are even hotter. And there's a body on ice. And that's just the beginning of this adrenaline rush of a hot wired ride from phenomenal number one New York Times bestselling author Janet Evanovich. A woman with a taste for speed and a talent for breaking the rules, Barney also knows a little too much about cheating. First there was Hooker and that salesclerk. Now she's convinced one of the competitors is up to no good on the track. Snooping to find evidence, Hooker and Barney borrow a NASCAR hauler. Turns out, the hauler is carrying two race cars and a dead guy. It looks like Barney and Hooker are facing multiple counts of grand theft auto and homicide. So buckle up as Barney, Hooker, a 150 pound bundle of Saint Bernard love named Beans, and the Super Cigar Ladies Felicia and Rosa shift into gear on a wild race around South Florida and Concord, North Carolina. Everything you always wanted to know about righteous indignation, stealing an eighteen wheeler, and sex in the fast lane."
A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again Essays and Arguments by David Foster Wallace. No description available
Ivanhoe by Walter Scott Graham Tulloch. No description available
Ivanhoe by Marianna Mayer Walter Scott John Rush. No description available
Me and Jezebel When Bette Davis Came for Dinner And Stayed ... And Stayed ... And Stayed ... And ... by Elizabeth L. Fuller. No description available
George Washington and Benedict Arnold A Tale of Two Patriots by Dave R. Palmer. No description available
His Excellency George Washington by Joseph J. Ellis. No description available
George Washington's Rules of Civility Decent Behavior in Company and Conversation Little Books of Wisdom by George Washington. No description available
George Washington's Sacred Fire by Peter A. Lillback Jerry Newcombe. No description available
Waverley by Walter Scott Claire Lamont. No description available
The Antiquary by Walter Scott Nicola J. Watson. No description available
Rob Roy by Walter Scott Lockhart Bogle. No description available
Prozac Nation by Elizabeth Wurtzel. No description available
Girl Interrupted Screenplay based on the book by James Mangold Anna Hamilton Phelan Lisa Loomer Susanna Kaysen. No description available
How to Write a Damn Good Novel A Step by Step No Nonsense Guide to Dramatic Storytelling by James N. Frey. No description available
"Book of the Dead Kay Scarpetta 15 by Patricia Cornwell. Relocating to Charleston after a particularly grueling case, Dr. Kay Scarpetta opens a private forensic pathology practice but is quickly targeted by local politics and a covert saboteur before a series of violent deaths bring her skills into high view. 1,500,000 first printing. BOMC, Lit Guild, Doubleday, Mystery Guild Main."
"At Risk Winston Garano 1 by Patricia Cornwell. A 'one off' from the best selling creator of the Dr Kay Scarpetta series, based on the serialisation in the New York Times. Moving between the chill of Cambridge, Massachusetts and the sultry humidity of Knoxville, Tennessee, Winston Garano, a police investigator, is instructed to look into a twenty year old murder case. Although Win reckons there are many more pressing current cases which should have higher priority, he gets on with the task, unaware of the can of worms he will prise open. With her hallmark qualities of deft characterisation, perfect research and tense story telling, Patricia Cornwell has created a novel which entertains, intrigues and satisfies."
"Predator Kay Scarpetta 14 by Patricia Cornwell. Dr. Kay Scarpetta, now freelancing with the National Forensic Academy in Florida, takes charge of a case that stretches from steamy Florida to snowbound Boston one that at first appears as unnerving as any she has ever faced. The teasing psychological clues lead Scarpetta and her team Pete Marino, Benton Wesley, and Lucy Farinelli to suspect that they are hunting someone with a cunning and malevolent mind whose secrets have kept them in the shadows, until now. Predator is proof once again that Patricia Cornwell has few peers with her extraordinary ability to entertain and enthrall."
"Trace Kay Scarpetta 13 by Patricia Cornwell. 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER Going home is never easy, especially for Dr. Kay Scarpetta, whose chance at redemption in comes at a cost to her soul in this rich and satisfying Associated Press thriller. Cornwell gets her Hitchcock on. . . . She can generate willies with subtle poetic turns. People IN DEVELOPMENT AS THE ORIGINAL SERIES SCARPETTA STARRING NICOLE KIDMAN AND JAMIE LEE CURTIS Dr. Kay Scarpetta, now freelancing from South Florida, returns to the city that turned its back on her five years ago. Richmond, Virginia s recently appointed chief medical examiner claims that he needs Scarpetta s help to solve a perplexing crime. When she arrives, however, Scarpetta finds that nothing is as she expected her former lab is in the final stages of demolition the inept chief isn t the one who requested her after all her old assistant chief has developed personal problems that he won t reveal and a glamorous FBI agent, whom Scarpetta dislikes instantly, meddles with the case. Deprived of assistance from colleagues Benton and Lucy, who are embroiled in what first appears to be an unrelated attempted rape by a stalker, Scarpetta is faced with investigating the death of a fourteen year old girl, working with the smallest pieces of evidence traces that only the most thorough hunters can identify. Now she must follow the twisting leads and track the strange details in order to make the dead speak. . . ."
"Postmortem Kay Scarpetta 1 by Patricia Daniels Cornwell Patricia Cornwell. Now available in a tall Premium Edition, the novel that introduces one of suspense fiction's most compelling heroines Dr. Kay Scarpetta from a 1 New York Times bestselling author. Reissue."
Three Complete Novels Postmortem Body Of Evidence All That Remains Kay Scarpetta 1 2 3 by Patricia Cornwell. No description available
From Potter's Field Kay Scarpetta 6 by Patricia Cornwell. Dr. Kay Scarpetta matches wits with a sadistic killer who infiltrates the FBI's top secret artificial intelligence system and closes in on Scarpetta herself
"The Body Farm Kay Scarpetta 5 by Patricia Cornwell. 1 bestselling author Patricia Cornwell returns to the chilling world of gutsy medical examiner Kay Scarpetta in this classic forensic thriller. Little Emily Steiner left a church meeting late one afternoon and strolled toward home along a lakeside path a week later, her nude body was discovered, bound in blaze orange duct tape. Called by the North Carolina authorities, forensic pathologist Kay Scarpetta recognizes similarities to the gruesome work of a serial killer who has long eluded the FBI But as she tries to make sense of the evidence, she is left with questions that lead her to the Body Farm, a little known research facility in Tennessee where, with the help of some grisly experiments, she might discover the answer. It is Scarpetta alone who can interpret the forensic hieroglyphics that eventually reveal a solution to the case as staggering as it is horrifying. But she must also endeavor to help her niece, Lucy, who is embroiled in controversy at Quantico. And Scarpetta, too, is vulnerable, as she opens herself to the first physical and emotional bond she has felt in far too long a time. Tenacious and brilliant, tender and gentle, this is Scarpetta even more realized and poignant than we ve seen her before in a stunning achievement from a bestselling author at the peak of her powers."
"Trace Kay Scarpetta 13 by Patricia Cornwell Carolyn McCormick. 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER Going home is never easy, especially for Dr. Kay Scarpetta, whose chance at redemption in comes at a cost to her soul in this rich and satisfying Associated Press thriller. Cornwell gets her Hitchcock on. . . . She can generate willies with subtle poetic turns. People IN DEVELOPMENT AS THE ORIGINAL SERIES SCARPETTA STARRING NICOLE KIDMAN AND JAMIE LEE CURTIS Dr. Kay Scarpetta, now freelancing from South Florida, returns to the city that turned its back on her five years ago. Richmond, Virginia s recently appointed chief medical examiner claims that he needs Scarpetta s help to solve a perplexing crime. When she arrives, however, Scarpetta finds that nothing is as she expected her former lab is in the final stages of demolition the inept chief isn t the one who requested her after all her old assistant chief has developed personal problems that he won t reveal and a glamorous FBI agent, whom Scarpetta dislikes instantly, meddles with the case. Deprived of assistance from colleagues Benton and Lucy, who are embroiled in what first appears to be an unrelated attempted rape by a stalker, Scarpetta is faced with investigating the death of a fourteen year old girl, working with the smallest pieces of evidence traces that only the most thorough hunters can identify. Now she must follow the twisting leads and track the strange details in order to make the dead speak. . . ."
"Cause of Death Kay Scarpetta 7 by Patricia Cornwell C.J. Critt. 1 bestselling author Patricia Cornwell returns to the world of gutsy medical examiner Kay Scarpetta in the seventh suspenseful novel in the forensic thriller series On a quiet day, away from the hustle of Richmond, in a small cottage on the Virginia coast, Dr. Kay Scarpetta receives a disturbing phone call from the Chesapeake police. Thirty feet deep in the murky waters of Virginia's Elizabeth River, a scuba diver's body is discovered near the Inactive Naval Shipyard.As the police begin searching for clues, the wallet of investigative reporter Ted Eddings is found. Unnerved by the possible identity of the victim, Scarpetta orders the crime scene roped off and left alone until she arrives. What was he doing there, searching for Civil War relics as the officer suggested, or was there a bigger story? As she rifles through the multitude of clues, a second murder hits much closer to home. This new development puts Scarpetta and her colleagues hot on the trail of a military conspiracy."
The Patricia Cornwell CD Audio Treasury All That Remains Cruel Unusual Kay Scarpetta 3 4 by Patricia Cornwell Kate Burton. No description available
"The Scarpetta Collection All That Remains Cruel Unusual Kay Scarpetta 3 4 by Patricia Cornwell. From the author who virtually invented the forensic thriller comes this much anticipated omnibus volume that features her first two novels, Postmortem and Body of Evidence, that introduced Virginia Chief Medical Examiner Kay Scarpetta to the book reading world."
"In the Dark of the Night by John Saul. Summer vacation becomes a season in hell for an ordinary family who unwittingly stir something invisible, insidious, and insatiable from its secret slumber unleashing a wave of horror only the darkest evil could create, that only a master of spine tingling terror like John Saul could orchestrate. For deep in the shadows in the dark of the night lurks something as big as life . . . and as real as death. It has waited seven years for someone to come back to the rambling lakeside house called Pinecrest, which has stood empty since its last owner went missing. For upscale Chicago couple Dan and Merrill Brewster, the old midwestern manse is an ideal retreat, and for their kids, Eric and Marci, it s the perfect place to spend a lazy summer exploring. Which is how Eric and his teenage friends discover the curious cache of discarded objects stowed in a hidden room of Pinecrest s carriage house. The bladeless hacksaws, shadeless lamps, tables with missing legs, headless axe handle, and other unremarkable items add up to a pile of junk. Yet someone took the trouble to inventory each worthless relic in a cryptic ledger. It has all the makings of a great mystery whispering, coaxing, demanding to be solved. But the more the boys devote themselves to restoring the forgotten possessions and piecing together the puzzle behind them, the more their fascination deepens into obsession. Soon their days are consumed with tending the strange, secret collection while their nights become plagued by ever more ghastly dreams, nightmares that soon seep into reality. And when a horrifying discovery surfaces, so does the chilling truth about the terrifying events that rocked the town seven years before, the mysterious disappearance of Pinecrest s last resident, and a twisted legacy with a malevolent life of its own . . . and a bottomless hunger for new victims."
"Perfect Nightmare by John Saul. If you open your house to strangers, who knows who might come in. And what they might be after. Or whom. Now, ponder the unthinkable and surrender to your darkest dread, as sinister storyteller extraordinaire John Saul weaves a heart stopping tale of lurking terror and twisted intent. Every parent s nightmare becomes reality for Kara Marshall when her daughter, Lindsay, vanishes from her bedroom during the night. The police suspect that the girl is just another moody teenage runaway, angry over leaving behind her school and friends because her family is moving. But Lindsay s recent eerie claim that someone invaded her room when the house was opened to prospective buyers drives Kara to fear the worst a nameless, faceless stalker has walked the halls of her home in search of more than a place to live. Patrick Shields recognizes Kara s pain and carries plenty of his own since he lost his wife and two children in a devastating house fire. But more than grief draws Patrick and Kara together. He, too, senses the hand of a malevolent stranger in this tragedy. And as more people go missing from houses up for sale, Patrick s suspicion, like Kara s, blooms into horrified certainty. Someone is trolling this peaceful community undetected and undeterred harvesting victims for a purpose no sane mind can fathom. Someone Kara and Patrick, alone and desperate, are determined to unmask. Someone who is even now watching, plotting, keeping a demented diary of unspeakable deeds . . . and waiting until the time is ripe for another fateful visit."
said the shotgun to the head. by Saul Williams. No description available
Early Color by Saul Leiter Martin Harrison. No description available
"Herzog by Saul Bellow Philip Roth. Saul Bellow's Herzog is part confessional, part exorcism, and a wholly unique achievement in postmodern fiction. Is Moses Herzog losing his mind? His formidable wife Madeleine has left him for his best friend, and Herzog is left alone with his whirling thoughts yet he still sees himself as a survivor, raging against private disasters and the myriad catastrophes of the modern age. In a crumbling house which he shares with rats, his head buzzing with ideas, he writes frantic, unsent letters to friends and enemies, colleagues and famous people, the living and the dead, revealing the spectacular workings of his labyrinthine mind and the innermost secrets of his troubled heart. This Penguin Modern Classics edition includes an introduction by Malcolm Bradbury 'Spectacular ... surely Bellow's greatest novel' Malcolm Bradbury 'A masterpiece ... Herzog's voice, for all its wildness and strangeness and foolishness, is the voice of a civilization, our civilization' The New York Times Book Review"
"Midnight Voices by John Saul Joe Blades. The sudden, tragic death of her husband leaves Caroline Evans alone in New York City to raise her children with little money and even less hope. When she meets and marries handsome, successful Anthony Fleming, the charismatic man of her dreams, she believes her life is destined for happiness. She and her children move into her new husband s spacious apartment in the legendary Rockwell on Central Park West. Despite her son s instinctive misgivings about the building and its residents, Caroline dismisses the odd behavior of her neighbors as pleasant eccentricities. But after her daughter begins to experience horrifying nightmares and a startling secret emerges, Caroline realizes that the magnificence of her new home masks a secret of unimaginable horror. . . ."
The Manhattan Hunt Club by John Saul. No description available
Shadows by John Saul. No description available
The Presence by John Saul. No description available
"Creature by John Saul. Traces the history of the Federal Reserve, revealing how the American government has used the Reserve as a way to deceive taxpayers and control the global economy and explaining how the Reserve influences the flow of money between citizens, businesses, banks, and the government."
Asylum Blackstone Chronicles 6 by John Saul. A multi part serial novel that brings to terrifying life the small New England town of Blackstone and the secrets and sins that lay buried there.
"Suffer the Children by John Saul. On October 16, 1991, the badly decomposed body of 11 year old Melissa Moody was found in the woods near Boswell, Oaklahoma. She had been raped and murdered by her uncle, Jesse James Cummings. Only when one of his wives herself a victim of his abuse found the strength to turn against him do police get the evidence they need to put him on death row. Includes 12 pages of photos."
"The Big Bad Wolf Alex Cross 9 by James Patterson. In this thrilling novel from a New York Times bestselling author, Alex Cross battles the most ruthless and powerful killer he has ever encountered a predator known only as the Wolf. Alex Cross's first case since joining the FBI has his new colleagues baffled. Across the country, men and women are being kidnapped in broad daylight and then disappearing completely. These people are not being taken for ransom, Alex realizes. They are being bought and sold. And it looks as if a shadowy figure called the Wolf a master criminal who has brought a new reign of terror to organized crime is behind this business. Even as he admires the FBI's vast resources, Alex grows impatient with the Bureau's clumsiness and caution when it's time to move. A lone wolf himself, he has to go out on his own in order to track the Wolf and try to rescue some of the victims while they are still alive. As the case boils over, Alex is in hot water at home too. His ex fiancee, Christine Johnson, comes back into his life and not for the reasons he might have hoped."
Big Bad Wolf by Linda Jones. No description available
"Why Do Men Fall Asleep After Sex? More Questions You'd Only Ask a Doctor After Your Third Whiskey Sour by Mark Leyner Billy Goldberg. The Doctor Is In . . . Again! Did the mega bestselling Why Do Men Have Nipples? exhaust your curiosity about stuff odd, icky, kinky, noxious, libidinous, or just plain embarrassing? No, you say? Well, good, because the doctor and his able bodied buddy are in! Again! Mark Leyner and Billy Goldberg, M.D., now take on the differences between the sexes those burning questions like Why doesn t my husband ever listen? or Why does my wife ALWAYS have to pee? And of course, Why do men fall asleep after sex?, plus plenty of others to keep you fully informed. Full of smart and funny answers to an onslaught of new questions, all in a do ask we ll tell spirit that entertain and teaches you something at the same time, Why Do Men Fall Asleep After Sex? offers the real lowdown on everything everyone wants to know about all things anatomical, medical, sexual, nutritional, animal, and mineral, but would only ask a physician after a few too many, like Why do you have a bionic sense of smell when you re pregnant? Does peeing in the shower cure athlete s foot? Is a dog s mouth clean? Can you breastfeed with fake boobs? Does thumb sucking cause buckteeth? Do your eyebrows grow back if shaved? Bigger, funnier, and better than ever, Why Do Men Fall Asleep After Sex? proves that in the battle of the sexes, as in most things, a little Q A is a safe, effective, minimally invasive remedy. Also available as an eBook"
Four Blondes by Candace Bushnell. No description available
Lipstick Jungle by Candace Bushnell. No description available
"The Easy Way to Stop Smoking Join the Millions Who Have Become Nonsmokers Using the Easyway Method by Allen Carr. Our summary is short, simple and pragmatic. It allows you to have the essential ideas of a big book in less than 30 minutes. How to quit smoking? It's hard to get rid of the urge to smoke because you have misconceptions about your nicotine addiction. By learning to see your addiction in a new light, to eliminate the reasons why you smoke and to realize that cigarettes have nothing good to offer you, you will find it easier to quit. In this book, you will learn What is the benefit of smoking a cigarette? What is the right frame of mind to have before thinking about quitting smoking? How to free yourself from your addiction to cigarettes? When is the right time to quit smoking? Is it recommended to use nicotine substitutes? How to quit smoking in practice? Our answers to these questions are easy to understand, simple to implement and quick to execute. Ready to quit smoking? Let's go ! Buy now the summary of this book for the modest price of a cup of coffee!"
"Teach Your Child to Read in 100 Easy Lessons by Siegfried Engelmann Phyllis Haddox Elaine Bruner. A step by step program that shows parents, simply and clearly, how to teach their child to read in just 20 minutes a day."
"It's Not Easy Being Green And Other Things to Consider by Jim Henson Cheryl Henson. A collection of wise and witty quotes from and inspired by Jim Henson similar in format to The World According to Mister Rogers. When I was young, it was my ambition to be one of the people who made a difference in this world. My hope is to leave the world a little better for my having been there. It's a wonderful life and I love it. Jim Henson Yeah, well, I've got a dream too. But it's about singing and dancing and making people happy. That's the kind of dream that gets better the more people you share it with. And, well, I've found a whole bunch of friends who have the same dream. And, it kind of makes us like a family. Kermit the Frog, The Muppet Movie"
Playing Easy to Get B.A.D. Agency 1.5 Vikings Underground 3 Immortals After Dark 1 by Sherrilyn Kenyon Jaid Black Kresley Cole. No description available
The Big Over Easy Nursery Crime 1 by Jasper Fforde. Crime.
The Enneagram Made Easy Discover the 9 Types of People by Renee Baron Elizabeth Wagele. No description available
It's Easy Being Green A Handbook for Earth Friendly Living by Crissy Trask Mike Clelland. No description available
"Le Divorce by Diane Johnson. NATIONAL BOOK AWARD FINALIST If one were to cross Jane Austen and Henry James, the result would be Diane Johnson. San Francisco Chronicle The national bestseller and inspiration for the major motion picture starring Naomi Watts and Kate Hudson! Called stylish... refreshing... genuinely wise by The New York Times Book Review,this delightful comedy of manners and morals, money, marriage, and murder follows smart, sexy, and impeccably dressed American Isabel Walker as she lands in Paris to visit her stepsister Roxy, a poet whose marriage to an aristocratic French painter has assured her a coveted place in Parisian society until her husband leaves her for the wife of an American lawyer. Could le divorce be far behind? Can irrepressible Isabel keep her perspective and her love life intact as cultures and human passions collide? Social comedy at its best Los Angeles Times Book Review , Le Divorce is Diane Johnson at her most scintillating and sublime."
Divine Conspiracy Rediscovering Our Hidden Life in God by Dallas Willard. No description available
The Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri John Ciardi. No description available
The Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri Allen Mandelbaum Eugenio Montale. No description available
Divine by Karen Kingsbury. No description available
"When the Emperor Was Divine by Julie Otsuka. These beautiful, passionate stories make up an immensely powerful short novel about the Japanese American experience in World War II."
Complete Divine Dungeons Dragons Edition 3.5 by David Noonan. Dungeons Dragons players get an in depth look at how to gain the favor of the gods and use that power to a character's advantage in this player's guide.
A Divine Revelation of Hell by Mary K. Baxter T.L. Lowery. No description available
"Boy Tales of Childhood Roald Dahl's Autobiography 1 by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. Boy, Roald Dahl's bestselling autobiography, is full of hilarious anecdotes about his childhood and school days. With fabulous new line drawings by Quentin Blake. An autobiography is a book a person writes about his own life and it is usually full of all sorts of boring details. This is not an autobiography . Roald Dahl . This reissue includes 30 delightful new line drawings by the inimitable Quentin Blake. Throughout his young days at school and just afterwards, a number of things happened to Roald Dahl, which made such a tremendous impression he never forgot them. Boy is the remarkable story of Roald Dahl's childhood tales of exciting and strange things some funny, some frightening, all true. Roald Dahl, the best loved of children's writers, was born in Wales of Norwegian parents. His books continue to be bestsellers, despite his death in 1990, and worldwide sales are over 100 million! Quentin Blake is one of the best known and best loved children's illustrators and it's impossible now to think of Roald Dahl's writings without imagining Quentin Blake's illustrations."
The Enormous Crocodile by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. No description available
The Magic Finger by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. No description available
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar and Six More by Roald Dahl. No description available
The Gremlins by Roald Dahl Artists and Writers Guild Walt Disney Company Leonard Maltin. No description available
"Going Solo Roald Dahl's Autobiography 2 by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. From the bestselling author Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and The BFG comes an autobiographical account of his exploits as a World War II pilot! Superb stories, daring deeds, fantastic adventures! Learn all about Roald Dahl's encounters with the enemy, his worldwide travels, the life threatening injuries he sustained in a plane accident, and the rest of his sometimes bizarre, often unnerving, and always colorful adventures. Told with the same irresistible appeal that has made Roald Dahl one of the world's best loved writers, Going Solo brings you directly into the action and into the mind of this fascinating man."
Gumbo Ya Ya A Collection of Louisiana Folk Tales by Lyle Saxon Edward Dreyer Robert Tallant. No description available
"James and the Giant Peach by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. From the World's No. 1 Storyteller, James and the Giant Peach is a children's classic that has captured young reader's imaginations for generations. One of TIME MAGAZINE s 100 Best Fantasy Books of All Time After James Henry Trotter's parents are tragically eaten by a rhinoceros, he goes to live with his two horrible aunts, Spiker and Sponge. Life there is no fun, until James accidentally drops some magic crystals by the old peach tree and strange things start to happen. The peach at the top of the tree begins to grow, and before long it's as big as a house. Inside, James meets a bunch of oversized friends Grasshopper, Centipede, Ladybug, and more. With a snip of the stem, the peach starts rolling away, and the great adventure begins! Roald Dahl is the author of numerous classic children s stories including Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Matilda, The BFG, and many more! James and the Giant Peach remains a favorite among kids and parents alike nearly 60 years after it was first published, thanks to its vivid imagery, vibrant characters and forthright exploration of mature themes like death and hope. TIME Magazine"
"Danny the Champion of the World by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. From the bestselling author of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and The BFG! Danny has a life any boy would love his home is a gypsy caravan, he's the youngest master car mechanic around, and his best friend is his dad, who never runs out of wonderful stories to tell. But one night Danny discovers a shocking secret that his father has kept hidden for years. Soon Danny finds himself the mastermind behind the most incredible plot ever attempted against nasty Victor Hazell, a wealthy landowner with a bad attitude. Can they pull it off? If so, Danny will truly be the champion of the world."
"My Uncle Oswald by Roald Dahl. Meet Oswald Hendryks Cornelius, Roald Dahl's most disgraceful and extraordinary character . . . Aside from being thoroughly debauched, strikingly attractive and astonishingly wealthy, Uncle Oswald was the greatest bounder, bon vivant and fornicator of all time. In this instalment of his scorchingly frank memoirs he tells of his early career and erotic education at the hands of a number of enthusiastic teachers, of discovering the invigorating properties of the Sudanese Blister Beetle, and of the gorgeous Yasmin Howcomely, his electrifying partner in a most unusual series of thefts . . . 'Raunchy and cheeky entertainment' Sunday Express 'Immense fun' Daily Telegraph Roald Dahl, the brilliant and worldwide acclaimed author of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, James and the Giant Peach, Matilda, and many more classics for children, also wrote scores of short stories for adults. These delightfully disturbing tales have often been filmed and were most recently the inspiration for the West End play, Roald Dahl's Twisted Tales by Jeremy Dyson. Roald Dahl's stories continue to make readers shiver today."
Fantastic Mr. Fox by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. No description available
"The Giraffe and the Pelly and Me by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. From the bestselling author of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and The BFG! The Ladderless Window Cleaning Company certainly doesn't. They don t need a pail, either, because they have a pelican with a bucket sized beak. With a monkey to do the washing and Billy as their manager, this business is destined for success. Now they have their big break a chance to clean all 677 windows of the Hampshire House, owned by the richest man in all of England! That s exciting enough, but along the way there are surprises and adventures beyond their wildest window washing dreams."
The Power of Now A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment by Eckhart Tolle. No description available
Wild Things Four Tales by Douglas Clegg. No description available
"Wild Things Prowlers Book 1 by Christopher Golden. An engaging blend of conservation stories and humorous, personal anecdotes from Philippa Forrester about women who, like her, choose to live and work in the wild. Surviving in the wilderness has long been associated with men, and conservation and environmental biology have traditionally been male dominated subjects. Yet many remarkable women also choose to live and work in wild and challenging landscapes. In Wild Woman, Philippa Forrester considers the grit and determination required for women to maintain connections to wildlife and shares stories of female conservation heroes and other extraordinary wild women working in nature. Talking to women from around the world, Philippa studies and celebrates what it means to be a wild woman. From the sixteenth century botanist who was the first woman to circumnavigate the globe to modern day women responding to bear attacks in Yellowstone, working to rewild reserves in South Africa, photographing Caribou in the Arctic and more, Philippa examines how these women benefit from a life spent in the wilderness and also considers what the natural world gains from them. Relating some of her own experiences from three decades spent travelling around the world and working in some of the wildest places on Earth, Philippa asks what does it take for a woman to live or work in the wild?"
"A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again Essays and Arguments by David Foster Wallace. These widely acclaimed essays from the author of Infinite Jest on television, tennis, cruise ships, and more established David Foster Wallace as one of the preeminent essayists of his generation. In this exuberantly praised book a collection of seven pieces on subjects ranging from television to tennis, from the Illinois State Fair to the films of David Lynch, from postmodern literary theory to the supposed fun of traveling aboard a Caribbean luxury cruiseliner David Foster Wallace brings to nonfiction the same curiosity, hilarity, and exhilarating verbal facility that has delighted readers of his fiction, including the bestselling Infinite Jest."
Oblivion by David Foster Wallace. No description available
Consider the Lobster and Other Essays by David Foster Wallace. No description available
"Brief Interviews with Hideous Men by David Foster Wallace. In this thought provoking and playful short story collection, David Foster Wallace nudges at the boundaries of fiction with inimitable wit and seductive intelligence. Wallace's stories present a world where the bizarre and the banal are interwoven and where hideous men appear in many guises. Among the stories are 'The Depressed Person,' a dazzling and blackly humorous portrayal of a woman's mental state 'Adult World,' which reveals a woman's agonized consideration of her confusing sexual relationship with her husband and 'Brief Interviews with Hideous Men,' a dark, hilarious series of imagined interviews with men on the subject of their relations with women. Wallace delights in leftfield observation, mining the absurd, the surprising, and the illuminating from every situation. This collection will enthrall DFW fans, and provides a perfect introduction for new readers."
Diabetes Meal Planning Made Easy by Hope S. Warshaw Warshaw Hope. No description available
Easy French Reader by R. de Roussy de Sales. No description available
Algebra the Easy Way by Douglas Downing. No description available
"Easy Riders Raging Bulls by Peter Biskind. In 1969, a low budget biker movie, Easy Rider, shocked Hollywood with its stunning success. An unabashed celebration of sex, drugs, and rock 'n' roll onscreen and off , Easy Rider heralded a heady decade in which a rebellious wave of talented young filmmakers invigorated the movie industry. In Easy Riders, Raging Bulls, Peter Biskind takes us on the wild ride that was Hollywood in the '70s, an era that produced such modern classics as The Godfather, Chinatown, Shampoo, Nashville, Taxi Driver, and Jaws. Easy Riders, Raging Bulls vividly chronicles the exuberance and excess of the times the startling success of Easy Rider and the equally alarming circumstances under which it was made, with drugs, booze, and violent rivalry between costars Dennis Hopper and Peter Fonda dominating the set how a small production company named BBS became the guiding spirit of the youth rebellion in Hollywood and how, along the way, some of its executives helped smuggle Huey Newton out of the country how director Hal Ashby was busted for drugs and thrown in jail in Toronto why Martin Scorsese attended the Academy Awards with an FBI escort when Taxi Driver was nominated how George Lucas, gripped by anxiety, compulsively cut off his own hair while writing Star Wars, how a modest house on Nicholas Beach occupied by actresses Margot Kidder and Jennifer Salt became the unofficial headquarters for the New Hollywood how Billy Friedkin tried to humiliate Paramount boss Barry Diller and how screenwriter director Paul Schrader played Russian roulette in his hot tub. It was a time when an anything goes experimentation prevailed both on the screen and off. After the success of Easy Rider, young film school graduates suddenly found themselves in demand, and directors such as Francis Coppola, Peter Bogdanovich, George Lucas, and Martin Scorsese became powerful figures. Even the new generation of film stars Nicholson, De Niro, Hoffman, Pacino, and Dunaway seemed a breed apart from the traditional Hollywood actors. Ironically, the renaissance would come to an end with Jaws and Star Wars, hugely successful films that would create a blockbuster mentality and crush innovation. Based on hundreds of interviews with the directors themselves, producers, stars, agents, writers, studio executives, spouses, and ex spouses, this is the full, candid story of Hollywood's last golden age. Never before have so many celebrities talked so frankly about one another and about the drugs, sex, and money that made so many of them crash and burn. By turns hilarious and shocking, Easy Riders, Raging Bulls is the ultimate behind the scenes account of Hollywood at work and play."
"Cloud Atlas by David Mitchell. Recounts the connected stories of people from the past and the distant future, from a nineteenth century notary and an investigative journalist in the 1970s to a young man who searches for meaning in a post apocalyptic world."
The Cloud Atlas by Liam Callanan. No description available
Easy Labor Every Woman's Guide to Choosing Less Pain and More Joy During Childbirth by William Camann Kathryn Alexander. No description available
"The McDougall Quick and Easy Cookbook by John A. McDougall Mary McDougall. As featured in the book and movie Forks Over Knives, the bestselling author of The Starch Solution and The Healthiest Diet on the Planet returns with over 300 recipes that can be prepared in 15 minutes or less. The perfect gift for the busy and health conscious chef! By greatly simplifying the work involved in preparing healthy, whole food, exciting meals, bestselling authors Dr. John McDougall and Mary McDougall continue to build upon the success of their acclaimed, low fat and plant based McDougall Program books. In this latest edition, they share their secrets for lowering cholesterol, alleviating allergies, and dramatically reducing the risk of heart disease, cancer, osteoporosis, and diabetes with food that is irresistible to the whole family. Featuring over 300 recipes including healthy Mediterranean diet recipes that can be prepared in fifteen minutes or less, The McDougall Quick and Easy Cookbook is the busy person's answer to eating right. Discover shopping tips and cooking hints to save time, reduce fat, and make great tasting meals. Learn the viable egg and dairy replacements to eliminate fat, cholesterol, and animal protein from your diet. And refer to the updated McDougall Okayed Packaged and Canned Products list. The economical, fast, and innovative recipes in The McDougall Quick and Easy Cookbook help make good health and longer life easier than ever to achieve."
American Sign Language The Easy Way by David A. Stewart Jessalyn Little Elizabeth Stewart. No description available
"Ghostwritten by David Mitchell. A gallery attendant at the Hermitage. A young jazz buff in Tokyo. A crooked British lawyer in Hong Kong. A disc jockey in Manhattan. A physicist in Ireland. An elderly woman running a tea shack in rural China. A cult controlled terrorist in Okinawa. A musician in London. A transmigrating spirit in Mongolia. What is the common thread of coincidence or destiny that connects the lives of these nine souls in nine far flung countries, stretching across the globe from east to west? What pattern do their linked fates form through time and space? A writer of pyrotechnic virtuosity and profound compassion, a mind to which nothing human is alien, David Mitchell spins genres, cultures, and ideas like gossamer threads around and through these nine linked stories. Many forces bind these lives, but at root all involve the same universal longing for connection and transcendence, an axis of commonality that leads in two directions to creation and to destruction. In the end, as lives converge with a fearful symmetry, Ghostwritten comes full circle, to a point at which a familiar idea that whether the planet is vast or small is merely a matter of perspective strikes home with the force of a new revelation. It marks the debut of a writer of astonishing gifts."
"Romeo Juliet by William Shakespeare Alan Durband. Presents the text of Shakespeare's play of unrequited love and contains extensive annotations that provide context, pronunciation, and alternative readings and phrasings."
"Easy Prey Lucas Davenport 11 by John Sandford. Lucas Davenport investigates an unsettling series of murders in this classic novel in the 1 New York Times bestselling series and this one is John Sandford at the top of his game New York Post In life she was a high profile model. In death she is the focus of a media firestorm that s demanding action from Lucas Davenport. One of his own men is a suspect in her murder. But when a series of bizarre, seemingly unrelated slayings rock the city, Davenport suspects a connection that runs deeper than anyone had imagined one that leads to an ingenious killer more ruthless than anyone had feared... FEATURING A NEW INTRODUCTION BY THE AUTHOR"
"Mayada Daughter of Iraq One Woman's Survival Under Saddam Hussein by Jean Sasson. Sasson's candid, straightforward account...gives readers a glimpse of the cruelty and hardship endured by generations of Iraqis. Publishers Weekly A member of one of the most distinguished and honored families in Iraq, Mayada grew up surrounded by wealth and royalty. But when Saddam Hussein s regime took power, she was thrown into cell 52 in the infamous Baladiyat prison with seventeen other nameless, faceless women from all walks of life. To ease their suffering, these shadow women passed each day by sharing their life stories. Now, through Jean Sasson, Mayada is finally able to tell her story and theirs to the world."
"Three to Get Deadly Stephanie Plum 3 by Janet Evanovich. Stephanie Plum, the beloved bounty hunter with attitude returns in this irresistible adventure from Janet Evanovich, 1 New York Times bestselling author of Dirty Thirty and most popular mystery writer alive The New York Times . Stephanie is having a bad hair day for the whole month of January. She s looking for Mo Bedemier, Trenton s most beloved citizen, who was charged with carrying a concealed weapon and skipped bail. To help her, she s got Lula, a former hooker turned file clerk. Lula s itching to lock up a crook in the trunk of her car. And Morelli, the cop with the slow burning smile, is acting polite even after Stephanie finds more bodies than the Trenton PD has seen in years. That s a bad sign for sure. Featuring a feisty and funny heroine who comes roaring in like a blast of very fresh air The Washington Post , Three to Get Deadly is fast paced and entertaining suspense at its finest."
"Smitten Elsie Hawkins 2 by Janet Evanovich. Single mom Lizabeth Kane isn't exactly carpenter material she's never picked up a hammer in her life. But she desperately needs the construction job that builder Matt Hallahan is offering. And even though he knows trouble is ahead, Matt can't refuse Lizbeth's irresistible smile. Matt Hallahan isn't exactly relationship material he has always been too busy working on other people's houses to make a home of his own. And even though she knows better, Lizabeth can't stop thinking about the rugged carpenter. Is the relationship Matt and Lizabeth are building solid or more like a house of cards?"
Manhunt by Janet Evanovich. No description available
"Three Plums In One Stephanie Plum 1 3 by Janet Evanovich. Three complete novels One for the Money, Two for the Dough, and Three to Get Deadly, from the New York Times 1 bestselling author, Janet Evanovich! Here s where it all began the three novels that first brought us Stephanie Plum, that bounty hunter with attitude who stepped out of Trenton s blue collar burg and into the heart of America. One for the Money Stephanie s all grown up and out on her own, living five miles from Mom and Dad and doing her best to sever the world s longest umbilical cord. Her mother is a meddler and her grandmother is a few cans short of a case. Out of work and out of money, Stephanie blackmails her bail bondsman cousin Vinnie into giving her a try as an apprehension agent. Stephanie knows zilch about the job requirements, but she figures her new pal, el primo bounty hunter Ranger, can teach her what it takes to catch a crook. Her first assignment nail Joe Morelli, a former vice cop on the run from a charge of murder one. Morelli s the inamorato who charmed Stephanie out of her virginity at age sixteen. There s still powerful chemistry between them, so the chase is interesting. Two for the Dough Stephanie takes to the mean streets of Trenton, armed with attitude not to mention stun guns and defense sprays , to find Kenny Mancuso, who recently shot his best friend and is on the run. Aided by the enigmatic Ranger, who knows a thing or two about bounty hunting, and by her irrepressible Grandma Mazur, Stephanie forms a shaky alliance with her favorite cop, Joe Morelli, for a tumultuous chase through back alleys and Grandma's favorite funeral parlors. Three to Get Deadly Stephanie is having a bad hair day for the whole month of January. She s looking for Mo Bedemier, Trenton s most beloved citizen, who was charged with carrying concealed and skipped bail. To help her, she s got Lula, a former hooker turned file clerk. Big, blonde, and black, Lula s itching to lock up a crook in the trunk of her car. And Morelli, the cop with the slow burning smile, is acting polite even after Stephanie finds more bodies than the Trenton PD has seen in years. That s a bad sign for sure. Funny and fabulous, Janet Evanovich is at her sparkling best in these three novels that launched a bestselling phenomenon."
"Hot Six Stephanie Plum 6 by Janet Evanovich. More Plums in One. The adventures continue for Stephanie Plum, Trenton's best known bounty hunter, in these three Complete Plum Novels from 1 Bestselling Author Janet Evanovich! Four to Score Stephanie Plum is forced to enlist the help of Grandma Mazur, ex hooker and wannabe bounty hunter Lula, and transvestite rock musician Sally Sweet in an attempt to capture revenge seeking waitress Maxine Nowicki. Threatening messages, murder, firebombs, and archnemesis Joyce Barnhardt pale in comparison to the greatest danger of all when, homeless and broke, Stephanie and her hamster, Rex, move in with vice cop Joe Morelli. High Five Out of bail skippers and rent money, Stephanie throws caution to the wind and follows in the entrepreneurial bootsteps of Super Bounty Hunter Ranger, engaging in morally correct and marginally legal enterprises. Stephanie's problems escalate when homicidal rapist Benito Ramirez returns, her Uncle Fred disappears, a nasty bookie starts following her around town, and she has nothing to wear to the Mafia wedding. Hot Six Stephanie Plum and Trenton vice cop Joe Morelli join forces to find the madman killer who shot and barbecued the youngest son of international black market arms dealer Alexander Ramos. The man wanted for the crime is Carlos Manoso, street name Ranger. Minutes before the crime occurs, Ranger is caught on video, at the scene, with the victim. Bad enough Stephanie has to bring in the man who taught her everything she knows about fugitive apprehension, now her maternal grandmother has moved in and a dog with an eating disorder has adopted her. One unbeatable bestselling author. Three classic Stephanie Plum stories. Criminally original and stone brilliant, this Intermediate Bounty Hunting Survival Manual is blockbuster entertainment."
"Amsterdam by Ian McEwan. An endlessly entertaining portrait of the city of Amsterdam and the ideas that make it unique, by the author of the acclaimed Island at the Center of the World Tourists know Amsterdam as a picturesque city of low slung brick houses lining tidy canals student travelers know it for its legal brothels and hash bars art lovers know it for Rembrandt's glorious portraits. But the deeper history of Amsterdam, what makes it one of the most fascinating places on earth, is bound up in its unique geography the constant battle of its citizens to keep the sea at bay and the democratic philosophy that this enduring struggle fostered. Amsterdam is the font of liberalism, in both its senses. Tolerance for free thinking and free love make it a place where, in the words of one of its mayors, craziness is a value. But the city also fostered the deeper meaning of liberalism, one that profoundly influenced America political and economic freedom. Amsterdam was home not only to religious dissidents and radical thinkers but to the world's first great global corporation. In this effortlessly erudite account, Russell Shorto traces the idiosyncratic evolution of Amsterdam, showing how such disparate elements as herring anatomy, naked Anabaptists parading through the streets, and an intimate gathering in a sixteenth century wine tasting room had a profound effect on Dutch and world history. Weaving in his own experiences of his adopted home, Shorto provides an ever surprising, intellectually engaging story of Amsterdam."
"Fodor's Amsterdam Fodor's Gold Guides by Fodor's Travel Publications Inc. Sarah Gold. Whether you want to cruise the canals, tour the Van Gogh Museum, or bike along Amsterdam's scenic streets, the local Fodor's travel experts in Amsterdam are here to help! Fodor's Amsterdam guidebook is packed with maps, carefully curated recommendations, and everything else you need to simplify your trip planning process and make the most of your time. This new edition has been fully redesigned with an easy to read layout, fresh information, and beautiful color photos. Fodor's Amsterdam travel guide includes AN ILLUSTRATED ULTIMATE EXPERIENCES GUIDE to the top things to see and do MULTIPLE ITINERARIES to effectively organize your days and maximize your time MORE THAN 14 DETAILED MAPS and a FREE PULL OUT MAP to help you navigate confidently COLOR PHOTOS throughout to spark your wanderlust! HONEST RECOMMENDATIONS FROM LOCALS on the best sights, restaurants, hotels, nightlife, shopping, performing arts, museums, activities, side trips, and more PHOTO FILLED BEST OF FEATURES on What to Eat and Drink, Best Museums, Ultimate Experiences, Bicycling in Amsterdam, and more TRIP PLANNING TOOLS AND PRACTICAL TIPS including when to go, getting around, beating the crowds, and saving time and money HISTORICAL AND CULTURAL INSIGHTS providing rich context on the local people, art, architecture, cuisine, music, geography and more SPECIAL FEATURES on Ultimate Experiences, What to Watch and Read Before You Visit, and Where to See Tulips LOCAL WRITERS to help you find the under the radar gems UP TO DATE COVERAGE ON Amsterdam, including neighborhoods such as Centrum and Jordaan Rotterdam The Hague Haarlem and Delft Planning on visiting nearby European counties and cities? Check out Fodor's Belgium, Fodor's Paris, and Fodor's Rome. Important note for digital editions The digital edition of this guide does not contain all the images or text included in the physical edition. ABOUT FODOR'S AUTHORS Each Fodor's Travel Guide is researched and written by local experts. Fodor's has been offering expert advice for all tastes and budgets for over 80 years. For more travel inspiration, you can sign up for our travel newsletter at fodors.com newsletter signup, or follow us FodorsTravel on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. We invite you to join our friendly community of travel experts at fodors.com community to ask any other questions and share your experience with us!"
The Child in Time by Ian McEwan. No description available
"Enduring Love by Ian McEwan. In one of the most striking opening scenes ever written, a bizarre ballooning accident and a chance meeting give birth to an obsession so powerful that an ordinary man is driven to the brink of madness and murder by another's delusions. Ian McEwan brings us an unforgettable story dark, gripping, and brilliantly crafted of how life can change in an instant."
"Black Dogs by Ian McEwan. Combat Black Dog Syndrome worldwide a portion of all proceeds from Black Dog Project will be donated to black dog rescue. One of Tumblr's most viral blogs of 2014, the Black Dogs Project is a stunning photo series by animal photographer Fred Levy. Known as Black Dog Syndrome in animal shelters and rescues, it refers to the unfortunate phenomenon that black dogs are frequently the LAST dogs to be adopted and the FIRST dogs to be euthanized in rescue shelters. Animal photographer Fred Levy couldn't believe that it was true, so he began talking with shelters. Not only does the phenomen exist, but he discovered it's an epidemic. Levy decided to turn his camera lens to black dogs, showing the world how beautiful they truly are. He called the photo series, The Black Dogs Project, and the stunning photographs have been shared worldwide, spreading awareness and attention to the problem. A portion of all proceeds for Black Dogs Project will be donated to black dog rescue."
The Comfort of Strangers by Ian McEwan. No description available
And the Envelope Please... Ever After An Affair To Remember It Happened One Night by Barbara Bretton Emilie Rose Isabel Sharpe. No description available
Las rubias de 5th Avenue by Plum Sykes. No description available
"Tuesdays with Morrie by Mitch Albom. Maybe it was a grandparent, or a teacher, or a colleague. Someone older, patient and wise, who understood you when you were young and searching, helped you see the world as a more profound place, gave you sound advice to help you make your way through it. For Mitch Albom, that person was Morrie Schwartz, his college professor from nearly twenty years ago. Maybe, like Mitch, you lost track of this mentor as you made your way, and the insights faded, and the world seemed colder. Wouldn't you like to see that person again, ask the bigger questions that still haunt you, receive wisdom for your busy life today the way you once did when you were younger? Mitch Albom had that second chance. He rediscovered Morrie in the last months of the older man's life. Knowing he was dying, Morrie visited with Mitch in his study every Tuesday, just as they used to back in college. Their rekindled relationship turned into one final class lessons in how to live. Tuesdays with Morrie is a magical chronicle of their time together, through which Mitch shares Morrie's lasting gift with the world. From the Hardcover edition."
La Derni re Le on by Mitch Albom. No description available
My Sister's Keeper by Mavis Applewater. No description available
"My Sister's Keeper Gillian Adams 2 by Nora Kelly. Though separated from her lover, a Scotland Yard man, Gillian Adams hasn't lost her sleuthing skills. Sexism has reared its ugly head in attacks on the Feminist Eff Yours Union at the University of the Pacific Northwest in Vancouver, and a woman is found dead on campus. Adroitly plotted and filled with intrigue, My Sister's Keeper solves the crimes but leaves open the mystery of Gillian, who is poised between her career as head of history department and her romance in England."
Their Sisters' Keepers Women's Prison Reform in America 1830 1930 by Estelle B. Freedman. No description available
"Baby's Alphabet by Jean Marzollo Nancy Sheehan. An alphabet animal adventure is about to begin. Read along and discover ABC animals from the cold, cold arctic circle to the jungles of Africa to meadows and plains and to the skies above. Each of the 26 letters of the alphabet gets its own page. Plus there's a special letter review at the end. Ready to find the animals with us?"
Welcome to the Monkey House by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. David Strathairn Maria Tucci Bill Irwin Tony Roberts Dylan Baker. No description available
"What Color Is Your Parachute? A Practical Manual for Job Hunters and Career Changers by Richard Nelson Bolles. In today's challenging job market, the time tested advice of What Color Is Your Parachute? is needed more than ever. Recent grads facing a shifting economic landscape, workers laid off mid career, and people searching for an inspiring work life change all look to career guru Richard N. Bolles for support, encouragement, and advice on which job hunt strategies work and which don't. This revised edition combines classic elements like the famed Flower Exercise with updated tips on social media and search tactics. Bolles demystifies the entire job search process, from writing resumes to interviewing to networking, expertly guiding job hunters toward their dream job."
"You Can Have What You Want Proven Strategies for Inner and Outer Success by Michael Neill. This is a book that can change your life for the better as you re reading it! Inside, you ll find all the tools you need to get anything you want out of life. For the past 15 years, Michael Neill has been a coach, friend, mentor, and creative sparkplug to celebrities, CEOs, royalty, and people who just want more out of their lives. In this friendly and practical guide, Michael uses the techniques that have already helped thousands of people to create seemingly effortless success, transform your relationships, finances, and health, experience happiness every day, regardless of your circumstances, and live an inspired and inspiring life. So start reading . . . and get everything you want out of life!"
Like Water for Chocolate by Laura Esquivel Thomas Christensen Carol Christensen. No description available
Like Water for Chocolate by Laura Esquivel Yareli Arizmendi. No description available
"Como agua para chocolate by Laura Esquivel. Una agridulce comedia de amores y desencuentros, una obra chispeante, tierna y plet rica de talento."
The Radicalism of the American Revolution by Gordon S. Wood. No description available
Emma by Jane Austen Fiona Stafford. No description available
"Prince of Ice Tale of the Demon World 3 by Emma Holly. Emma Holly loves to take a walk on the wild side, Best Reviews and here she ventures into a sensuous and dangerous world where a human courtesan becomes the flesh abd blood property of a demon prince. Soulmates, lovers and victims of an unnatural desire that could drive them both insane."
Emma Lazarus by Esther Schor. No description available
Strange Attractions by Emma Holly. No description available
The Mermaid Chair by Sue Monk Kidd. No description available
The Dance of the Dissident Daughter A Woman's Journey from Christian Tradition to the Sacred Feminine by Sue Monk Kidd. No description available
When the Heart Waits Spiritual Direction for Life's Sacred Questions by Sue Monk Kidd. The author describes her passionate and moving tale of spiritual crisis.
With Open Hands by Henri J.M. Nouwen Sue Monk Kidd. No description available
Saxons Vikings and Celts The Genetic Roots of Britain and Ireland by Bryan Sykes. No description available
Yeah I Said It by Wanda Sykes. No description available
The Seven Daughters Of Eve by Bryan Sykes. No description available
Dumbing Down Our Kids Why American Children Feel Good About Themselves But Can't Read Write or Add by Charles J. Sykes. No description available
If I Don't Write It Nobody Else Will An Autobiography by Eric Sykes. No description available
Hamlet by William Shakespeare. No description available
William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream Cliffs Complete by CliffsNotes Michael McMahon. No description available
A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare. No description available
"A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare Amanda Root Arkangel Cast Roy Hudd David Harewood. A Midsummer Night s Dream is a comedy in five acts written by William Shakespeare. This play was written about 1595 96 and published in 1600 from the author s manuscript. Considered by many as one of the greatest comedies, A Midsummer Night s Dream, with its vivid examination of love and its vagaries, has long been one of the most popular of Shakespeare s plays. Love, imagination, and patriarchy are the main themes in the play. The playwright portrays romantic love as a blind and often beautiful force that can be both cruel and forgiving. Ultimately, it is Shakespeare s focus on love that drives the play's entire plot. In A Midsummer Night s Dream, there are four groups of characters who are involved in various plots. These groups comprise party of Theseus, the young lovers, the fairies and the would be actors. The main symbols in the play are the moon, roses, and the love potion. Although play ends with several happy weddings, they also carry its undercurrent messages."
A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare Roma Gill B. Litt. No description available
"A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare Roma Gill. A Midsummer Night s Dream is a comedy in five acts written by William Shakespeare. This play was written about 1595 96 and published in 1600 from the author s manuscript. Considered by many as one of the greatest comedies, A Midsummer Night s Dream, with its vivid examination of love and its vagaries, has long been one of the most popular of Shakespeare s plays. Love, imagination, and patriarchy are the main themes in the play. The playwright portrays romantic love as a blind and often beautiful force that can be both cruel and forgiving. Ultimately, it is Shakespeare s focus on love that drives the play's entire plot. In A Midsummer Night s Dream, there are four groups of characters who are involved in various plots. These groups comprise party of Theseus, the young lovers, the fairies and the would be actors. The main symbols in the play are the moon, roses, and the love potion. Although play ends with several happy weddings, they also carry its undercurrent messages."
"The Burning Guardians of Ga'Hoole 6 by Kathryn Lasky Richard Cowdrey. The Grand Battle begins with the search for allies in the Northern Kindoms and ends in The Burning that will change all Owldom forever.Soren and his band are sent to the mysterious Northern Kingdoms to gather allies and learn the art of war in preparation for the coming cataclysmic battle against the sinister Pure Ones. Meanwhile, in the Southern Kingdoms, St. Aggies has fallen to the Pure Ones and they are using its resources to plan a final invasion of The Great Ga'Hoole Tree. With the future of all Owldom in the balance, the parliament of Ga'Hoole must decide whether or not to join forces with the brutal Skench and Sporn and the scattered remnants of St. Aggies who remain faithful to them. A great battle is on the"
"The Siege Guardians of Ga'Hoole 4 by Kathryn Lasky. A war breaks out in the owl kingdom when an evil group tries to take control of the Great Ga'Hoole Tree. Soren and the other Ga'Hoolian owls must fight to protect their tree and restore peace.Soren's beloved mentor, Ezylryb, is finally back at the Great Ga'Hoole Tree. But all is not well. There's a war between good and evil in the owl kingdom. On one side is a group led by Soren's fearsome brother, Kludd, who wears a terrifying metal mask to cover his battle scarred face. On the other side are the owls of the Great Ga'Hoole Tree, who must fight to protect their legendary tree from Kludd's attacks.Soren, his friends, and the other owls at the Great Ga'Hoole Tree enter into fierce combat against Kludd's forces. They win a major battle, but warfare will continue in Book 5."
"In the Company of Cheerful Ladies No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 6 by Alexander McCall Smith. Fans around the world adore the bestselling No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency series and its proprietor, Precious Ramotswe, Botswana s premier lady detective. In this charming series, Mma Ramotswe with help from her loyal associate, Grace Makutsi navigates her cases and her personal life with wisdom, good humor, and the occasional cup of tea. Precious is busier than usual at the detective agency when she discovers an intruder in her house on Zebra Drive and perhaps even more baffling a pumpkin on her porch. Her associate, Mma Makutsi, also has a full plate. She's taken up dance lessons, only to be partnered with a man with two left feet. And at Tlokweng Road Speedy Motors, where Mr J.L.B. Matekoni is already overburdened with work, one of his apprentices has run off with a wealthy older woman. But what finally rattles Mma Ramotswe s normally unshakable composure is a visitor who forces her to confront a difficult secret from her past."
"Morality for Beautiful Girls No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 3 by Alexander McCall Smith. Fans around the world adore the bestselling No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency series and its proprietor, Precious Ramotswe, Botswana s premier lady detective. In this charming series, Mma Ramotswe with help from her loyal associate, Grace Makutsi navigates her cases and her personal life with wisdom, good humor, and the occasional cup of tea. In Morality for Beautiful Girls, Precious Ramotswe, founder and owner of the only detective agency for the concerns of both ladies and others, investigates the alleged poisoning of the brother of an important Government Man, and the moral character of the four finalists of the Miss Beauty and Integrity Contest, the winner of which will almost certainly be a contestant for the title of Miss Botswana. Yet her business is having money problems, and when other difficulties arise at her fianc s Tlokweng Road Speedy Motors, she discovers the reliable Mr J.L.B. Matekoni is more complicated then he seems."
"In the Company of Cheerful Ladies No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 6 by Alexander McCall Smith Lisette Lecat. Fans around the world adore the bestselling No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency series and its proprietor, Precious Ramotswe, Botswana s premier lady detective. In this charming series, Mma Ramotswe with help from her loyal associate, Grace Makutsi navigates her cases and her personal life with wisdom, good humor, and the occasional cup of tea. Precious is busier than usual at the detective agency when she discovers an intruder in her house on Zebra Drive and perhaps even more baffling a pumpkin on her porch. Her associate, Mma Makutsi, also has a full plate. She's taken up dance lessons, only to be partnered with a man with two left feet. And at Tlokweng Road Speedy Motors, where Mr J.L.B. Matekoni is already overburdened with work, one of his apprentices has run off with a wealthy older woman. But what finally rattles Mma Ramotswe s normally unshakable composure is a visitor who forces her to confront a difficult secret from her past."
"The Full Cupboard of Life No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 5 by Alexander McCall Smith. THE NO. 1 LADIES DETECTIVE AGENCY Book 5 Fans around the world adore the best selling No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency series and its proprietor, Precious Ramotswe, Botswana s premier lady detective. In this charming series, Mma Ramotswe with help from her loyal associate, Grace Makutsi navigates her cases and her personal life with wisdom, good humor, and the occasional cup of tea. Still engaged to the estimable Mr J.L.B. Matekoni, Mma Ramotswe understands that she should not put too much pressure on him, as he has other concerns, especially a hair raising request from the ever persuasive Mma Potokwane, matron of the orphan farm. Besides Mma Ramotswe herself has weighty matters on her mind. She has been approached by a wealthy lady to check up on several suitors. Are these men interested in the lady or just her money? This may be a difficult case, but it's just the kind of problem Mma Ramotswe likes and she is, as we know, a very intuitive lady."
The Tale of Genji by Murasaki Shikibu Edward G. Seidensticker. No description available
"The Tale of Genji by Yoshitaka Amano Murasaki Shikibu Rachel Nacth Anri It Junichi Imura. In the eleventh century Murasaki Shikibu, a lady in the Heian court of Japan, wrote the world's first novel. But The Tale of Genji is no mere artifact. It is, rather, a lively and astonishingly nuanced portrait of a refined society where every dalliance is an act of political consequence, a play of characters whose inner lives are as rich and changeable as those imagined by Proust. Chief of these is the shining Genji, the son of the emperor and a man whose passionate impulses create great turmoil in his world and very nearly destroy him. This edition, recognized as the finest version in English, contains a dozen chapters from early in the book, carefully chosen by the translator, Edward G. Seidensticker, with an introduction explaining the selection. It is illustrated throughout with woodcuts from a seventeenth century edition."
"The Tale of Genji Scenes from the World's First Novel Illustrated Japanese Classics by Murasaki Shikibu Masayuki Miyata Jakuch Seitouchi Donald Keene H. Mack Horton Ayako Watanabe Michiko Hiraoka. With its vivid descriptions of courtly society, gardens, and architecture in early eleventh century Japan, The Tale of Genji recognized as the world s first novel has captivated audiences around the globe and inspired artistic traditions for one thousand years. Its female author, Murasaki Shikibu, was a diarist, a renowned poet, and, as a tutor to the young empress, the ultimate palace insider her monumental work of fiction offers entry into an elaborate, mysterious world of court romance, political intrigue, elite customs, and religious life. This handsomely designed and illustrated book explores the outstanding art associated with Genji through in depth essays and discussions of more than one hundred works. The Tale of Genji has influenced all forms of Japanese artistic expression, from intimately scaled albums to boldly designed hanging scrolls and screen paintings, lacquer boxes, incense burners, games, palanquins for transporting young brides to their new homes, and even contemporary manga. The authors, both art historians and Genji scholars, discuss the tale s transmission and reception over the centuries illuminate its place within the history of Japanese literature and calligraphy highlight its key episodes and characters and explore its wide ranging influence on Japanese culture, design, and aesthetics into the modern era. p.p1 margin 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px font 14.0px Verdana"
"Blue Shoes and Happiness No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 7 by Alexander McCall Smith. Fans around the world adore the bestselling No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency series and its proprietor, Precious Ramotswe, Botswana s premier lady detective. In this charming series, Mma Ramotswe with help from her loyal associate, Grace Makutsi navigates her cases and her personal life with wisdom, good humor, and the occasional cup of tea. Life is good for Mma Ramotswe as she sets out with her usual resolve to solve people s problems, heal their misfortunes, and untangle the mysteries that make life interesting. And life is never dull on Tlokweng Road. A new and rather too brusque advice columnist is appearing in the local paper. Then, a cobra is found in the offices of the No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency. Recently, the Mokolodi Game Preserve manager feels an infectious fear spreading among his workers, and a local doctor may be falsifying blood pressure readings. To further complicate matters, Grace Makutsi may have scared off her own fianc . Mma Ramotswe, however, is always up to the challenge. And Blue Shoes and Happiness will not fail to entertain Alexander McCall Smith s oldest fans and newest converts with its great wit, charm, and great good will."
"In the Company of Cheerful Ladies No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 6 by Alexander McCall Smith. Fans around the world adore the bestselling No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency series and its proprietor, Precious Ramotswe, Botswana s premier lady detective. In this charming series, Mma Ramotswe with help from her loyal associate, Grace Makutsi navigates her cases and her personal life with wisdom, good humor, and the occasional cup of tea. Precious is busier than usual at the detective agency when she discovers an intruder in her house on Zebra Drive and perhaps even more baffling a pumpkin on her porch. Her associate, Mma Makutsi, also has a full plate. She's taken up dance lessons, only to be partnered with a man with two left feet. And at Tlokweng Road Speedy Motors, where Mr J.L.B. Matekoni is already overburdened with work, one of his apprentices has run off with a wealthy older woman. But what finally rattles Mma Ramotswe s normally unshakable composure is a visitor who forces her to confront a difficult secret from her past."
Ein Gentleman f r Mma Ramotswe No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 2 by Alexander McCall Smith. No description available
Ein Koch f r Mma Ramotswe No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 3 by Alexander McCall Smith. No description available
"The Good Husband of Zebra Drive No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 8 by Alexander McCall Smith. The eighth installment in the universally beloved, internationally bestselling series. In the life of Mma Ramotswe a woman duly proud of her fine traditional build there is rarely a dull moment, and in her newest round of adventures, challenges and intrigues, the same certainly holds true. But one thing above all else is keeping her occupied her estimable husband, Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni. He has been hinting for some time now that he intends to do something special for their adopted daughter, Motholeli, and it seems that the time for this good deed has come. Of course, good deed or not, his plan is bound to hit some snags. And that s when he will undoubtedly consider himself doubly perhaps even triply lucky to be married to the ever resourceful, ever understanding Precious Ramotswe."
"The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 1 by Alexander McCall Smith. Working in Gaborone, Botswana, sleuth Precious Ramotswe investigates several local mysteries, including a search for a missing boy and the case of the clinic doctor with different personalities for different days of the week. Reprint. 12,500 first printing."
Paris to the Moon by Adam Gopnik. No description available
"The Belly of Paris Les Rougon Macquart 3 by mile Zola Ernest Alfred Vizetelly Henry Vizetelly. Includes bibliography, chronology, explanatory notes."
My Movie Business A Memoir by John Irving. No description available
"Setting Free the Bears The Water Method Man The 158 Pound Marriage by John Irving. Truly remarkable . . . encompasses the longings and agonies of youth . . . a complex and moving novel. Time Astonishing . . . a writer of uncommon imaginative power. Whatever John Irving writes, it will be worth reading. Saturday Review It is 1967. Two Viennese university students, Siggy and Hannes, roam the Austrian countryside on their motorcycles on a quest to liberate the bears of the Vienna Zoo. But their good intentions have both comic and gruesome consequences in this first novel from John Irving, already a master storyteller at twenty five years old. Imagine a mixture of Till Eulenspiegel and Ken Kesey . . . and you've got the range of the merry pranksters who hot rod through Mr. Irving's book . . . tossing flowers, stealing salt shakers, and planning the biggest caper of their young lives. The New York Times"
"The Headmaster's Papers by Richard A. Hawley John Irving. John Greeve is the headmaster. The 30 years of his life at The Wells School have been rich, challenging, and full of meaning. But now John Greeve's precisely ordered world is crumbling. The values he so passionately believes in are being threatened by forces he cannot accept. John Greeve is a man at the crossroads fighting for the decency of his school, for the survival of his family and, finally, stripped of everything, for his very life."
Blade Runner by Philip K. Dick. No description available
"The Android Animorphs 10 by K.A. Applegate Katherine Applegate. When Marco runs into his old friend Erek he doesn't think too much of it. He's got more important things to do, like helping to save the world. But then Marco finds out Erek's been hanging with some of the kids at the Sharing, and he starts to think that something just a little weird is going on.So Marco, Jake, and Ax decide to morph and check old Erek out. Just to see if he's been infested with a Yeerk. The good news is that Erek's not a human Controller. The bad news is that Erek's not even human."
The Soul of a New Machine by Tracy Kidder. No description available
"No Better Place to Die The Battle Of Stones River by Peter Cozzens. Uses excerpts from the letters, diaries, and memoirs of the combatants to recreate the Tennessee battle, and assesses its influence on the outcome of the Civil War"
Never Call Retreat by Bruce Catton E.B. Long. No description available
"The 42nd Parallel U.S.A. 1 by John Dos Passos. With his U.S.A. trilogy, comprising THE 42nd PARALLEL, 1919, and THE BIG MONEY, John Dos Passos is said by many to have written the great American novel. While Fitzgerald and Hemingway were cultivating what Edmund Wilson once called their own little corners, John Dos Passos was taking on the world. Counted as one of the best novels of the twentieth century by the Modern Library and by some of the finest writers working today, U.S.A. is a grand, kaleidoscopic portrait of a nation, buzzing with history and life on every page. The trilogy opens with THE 42nd PARALLEL, where we find a young country at the dawn of the twentieth century. Slowly, in stories artfully spliced together, the lives and fortunes of five characters unfold. Mac, Janey, Eleanor, Ward, and Charley are caught on the storm track of this parallel and blown New Yorkward. As their lives cross and double back again, the likes of Eugene Debs, Thomas Edison, and Andrew Carnegie make cameo appearances."
U.S.A. 42e Parall le L'An premier du si cle La Grosse galette by John Dos Passos. No description available
"The Big Money U.S.A. 3 by John Dos Passos E.L. Doctorow. The Big Money completes John Dos Passos's three volume fable of America's materialistic success and moral decline American Heritage and marks the end of one of the most ambitious projects that an American novelist has ever undertaken Time . Here we come back to America after the war and find a nation on the upswing. Industrialism booms. The stock market surges. Lindbergh takes his solo flight. Henry Ford makes automobiles. From New York to Hollywood, love affairs to business deals, it is a country taking the turns too fast, speeding toward the crash of 1929. Ultimately, whether the novels are read together or separately, they paint a sweeping portrait of collective America and showcase the brilliance and bravery of one of its most enduring and admired writers. It is not simply that Dos Passos has a keen eye for people, but that he has a keen eye for so many different kinds of people. New York Times"
"1919 U.S.A. 2 by John Dos Passos E.L. Doctorow. WINNER OF THE 2019 NATIONAL BOOK AWARD 1919 was a world shaking year. America was recovering from World War I and black soldiers returned to racism so violent that that summer would become known as the Red Summer. The suffrage movement had a long fought win when women gained the right to vote. Laborers took to the streets to protest working conditions nationalistic fervor led to a communism scare and temperance gained such traction that prohibition went into effect. Each of these movements reached a tipping point that year. Now, one hundred years later, these same social issues are more relevant than ever. Sandler traces the momentum and setbacks of these movements through this last century, showing that progress isn t always a straight line and offering a unique lens through which we can understand history and the change many still seek."
"The King in the Window by Adam Gopnik Omar Rayyan. Eleven year old Oliver, an American boy residing in Paris, discovers, much to his astonishment, that phantoms live within the windowpanes and have selected Oliver to lead a war against the soul stealers that inhabit mirrors."
The Karamazov Brothers by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Ignat Avsey. No description available
"The Grand Inquisitor with related chapters from The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Constance Garnett Charles Guignon. This new edition presents The Grand Inquisitor together with the preceding chapter, Rebellion, and the extended reply offered by Dostoevsky in the following sections, entitled The Russian Monk. By showing how Dostoevsky frames the Grand Inquisitor story in the wider context of the novel, this edition captures the subtlety and power of Dostoevsky's critique of modernity as well as his alternative vision of human fulfillment."
The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas Robin Buss. No description available
The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas Brantley Johnson Margaret Brantley. No description available
The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas Lorenzo Carcaterra. No description available
The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Andrew R. MacAndrew Konstantin Mochulsky. No description available
Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Leonard Stanton James D. Hardy Jr. Sidney Monas Robin Feuer Miller. No description available
Crime and Punishment in American History by Lawrence M. Friedman. No description available
Crime and Punishment in America by Elliott Currie. Argues that a policy of mass incarceration is ineffective and that prison expenditures could have greater impact on criminal violence if spent on prevention and rehabilitation programs.
Cliffsnotes on Dostoevsky's Crime and Punishment by James Lamar Roberts Fyodor Dostoyevsky CliffsNotes. No description available
On Crimes and Punishments by Cesare Beccaria David Young. No description available
"Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoyevsky David McDuff. Hailed by Washington Post Book World as the best translation currently available when it was first published, this second edition of Crime and Punishment has been updated in honor of the 200th anniversary of Dostoevsky s birth. ONE OF TIME MAGAZINE'S 100 BEST MYSTERY AND THRILLER BOOKS OF ALL TIME With the same suppleness, energy, and range of voices that won their translation of The Brothers Karamazov the PEN Book of the Month Club Prize, Richard Pevear and Larissa Volokhonsky offer a brilliant translation of Crime and Punishment, Dostoevsky's astounding pyschological thriller, newly revised for his bicentenniel. In Crime and Punishment, when Raskolnikov, an impoverished student living in the St. Petersburg of the tsars, commits an act of murder and theft, he sets into motion a story that is almost unequalled in world literature for its excruciating suspense, its atmospheric vividness, and its depth of characterization and vision. Dostoevsky s drama of sin, guilt, and redemption transforms the sordid story of an old woman s murder into the nineteenth century s profoundest and most compelling philosophical novel."
Crime and Punishment Norton Critical Editions by Fyodor Dostoyevsky George Gibian Jessie Coulson. No description available
The Politics of Injustice Crime and Punishment in America by Katherine Beckett Theodore Sasson. Examines the US crime problem and the resulting policies as a political and cultural issue.
"The Beginning and the End by Naguib Mahfouz. Have you ever wondered if there might be more to Genesis than fodder for anti evolutionism? Or have you ever thought, Revelation has to be more than simply a roadmap for the future of the Middle East ? You're not alone. In The Beginning and the End Michael Pahl surveys the opening chapters of Genesis and the concluding chapters of Revelation, taking seriously both their historical and literary features as ancient texts and their theological purposes as inspired Scripture. The result is a reading of the first and last books of the Bible that sketches out, from beginning to end, a story of God, humanity, and all creation a grand narrative in which we are placed in the middle, and which calls us to live in a particular way as our identity and our values are shaped in light of our origins and our destiny."
The Black Tulip by Alexandre Dumas Robin Buss. No description available
La Dame aux Cam lias by Alexandre Dumas fils David Coward. No description available
The Women's War by Alexandre Dumas Robin Buss. No description available
The Knight of Maison Rouge by Alexandre Dumas Julie Rose Lorenzo Carcaterra. No description available
"The Way the Crow Flies by Ann Marie MacDonald. The sun came out after the war and our world went Technicolor. Everyone had the same idea. Let s get married. Let s have kids. Let s be the ones who do it right. The Way the Crow Flies, the second novel by bestselling, award winning author Ann Marie MacDonald, is set on the Royal Canadian Air Force station of Centralia during the early sixties. It is a time of optimism infused with the excitement of the space race but overshadowed by the menace of the Cold War filtered through the rich imagination and quick humour of eight year old Madeleine McCarthy and the idealism of her father, Jack, a career officer. Ann Marie MacDonald said in a discussion with Oprah Winfrey about her first book, a happy ending is when someone can walk out of the rubble and tell the story. Madeleine achieves her childhood dream of becoming a comedian, yet twenty years later she realises she cannot rest until she has renewed the quest for the truth, and confirmed how and why the child was murdered.. Publishers Weekly, in a starred review, called The Way the Crow Flies absorbing, psychologically rich a chronicle of innocence betrayed . With compassion and intelligence, and an unerring eye for the absurd as well as the confusions of childhood, , MacDonald evokes the confusion of being human and the necessity of coming to terms with our imperfections."
As the Crow Flies by Jeffrey Archer. No description available
Under The Tuscan Sun At Home In Italy by Frances Mayes. No description available
"Blue Like Jazz Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality by Donald Miller. The runaway New York Times bestseller that became a cornerstone of Christian nonfiction, Blue Like Jazz is a fresh and original perspective on life, love, and redemption. I never liked jazz music because jazz music doesn't resolve Sometimes you have to watch somebody love something before you can love it yourself. It is as if they are showing you the way. I used to not like God because God didn't resolve. But that was before any of this happened. Donald Miller was raised in a strict Texas denomination where he was only vaguely familiar with a distant God. When he grew older, he ran all the way to the least religious university in the US Rice College in Portland, Oregon. Still, God pursued him. When he came to know Jesus, he pursued the Christian life with great zeal. However, within a few years he had a successful ministry that ultimately left him feeling empty, burned out, and, once again, far away from God. In this intimate, non judgmental, and soul searching account, Miller describes his remarkable journey with and back to the infinitely loving God, helping you discover how the Christian faith is still relevant in a postmodern culture learn how to have a genuine encounter with a God who is real and enjoy a renewed sense of passion for your life. Blue Like Jazz is a gentle, honest resource for those curious about the Christian faith, or new to it, and offers a fresh and original perspective on life, love, and redemption."
The Secret Life of Bees by Sue Monk Kidd. Now in paperback comes the intoxicating debut novel of one motherless daughter's discovery of ... the strange and wondrous places we find love The Washington Post . Sue Monk Kidd's ravishing work is set in South Carolina in 1964.
The Wounded Healer Ministry in Contemporary Society by Henri J.M. Nouwen. No description available
The Dance of Life Weaving Sorrows and Blessings Into One Joyful Step by Henri J.M. Nouwen Michael Ford. No description available
"The Prodigal Son Roger the Chapman 15 by Kate Sedley. When Roger the Chapman discovers he has an unknown half brother, he has mixed feelings about the matter. But when John Wedmore is accused of being the young page who, six years earlier, had robbed his mistress and murdered a fellow servant, Roger feels obliged to investigate the charge."
How to Make Love Like a Porn Star A Cautionary Tale by Jenna Jameson Neil Strauss. No description available
"Dominion The Power of Man the Suffering of Animals and the Call to Mercy by Matthew Scully. Argues for responsible action in the treatment of animals, challenging popular conceptions about animal feeling and awareness and profiling a safari convention, factory farm, and the works of top writers."
"No Dominion Joe Pitt 2 by Charlie Huston. Joe Pitt s life sucks. He hasn t had a case or a job in God knows how long and his stashes are running on empty. What stashes? The only ones that count to a guy like Joe blood and money. The money he uses to buy blood the blood he drinks. Hey, buddy, it s that or your neck you want to choose? The only way to lay his hands on both is to take a gig with the local Vampyre Clan. See, something new is on the streets, a new high, a high so strong it can send a Vampyre spazzing through Joe s local watering hole. Till Joe sends him through a plate glass window, that is. So it s time for Joe to gut up and swallow that pride and follow the leads wherever they go. It won t be long before he s slapping stoolies, getting sapped, and being taken for a ride above 110th Street. Someone s pulling Joe s strings, and now he s riding the A train, looking to find who it is. He s gonna cut them when he finds them the strings and the hands that hold them."
"Dominion Ollie Chandler 2 by Randy Alcorn. Three suspense detective novels for the price of one in this eBook exclusive omnibus. Ollie Chandler is a brilliant and quick witted homicide detective who lives by Ollies' First Law Things are not what they appear. These best selling novels offer readers a compelling, intriguing story of Ollie Chandler combined with other favorite characters. Deadline, Randy Alcorn's first novel, stayed on the bestsellers list for thirty six months. Dominion is a dramatic story of spiritual searching, racial reconciliation, and hope. Deception responds to readers' demand for more of his believable, compelling fiction. Readers will gain a greater understanding of heaven while recognizing a new idea of why God allows suffering. Deadline Involved in a tragic accident under suspicious circumstances, award winning journalist Jake Woods teams with detective Ollie Chandler to uncover the truth. This alluring e omnibus of the Randy Alcorn bestsellers finds Jake drawing upon all his resources in an ever intensifying, dangerous murder investigation. Unaware of the imminent threat to his own life, Jake struggles for answers to the mystery at hand and is plunged into a deeper search for the meaning of his own existence. Deadline is a dramatic and vivid novel of substance, filled with hope and perspective for every reader who longs to feel purpose in life. Dominion When two senseless killings hit close to home, columnist Clarence Abernathy seeks revenge for the murders and, ultimately, answers to his own struggles regarding race and faith. After being dragged into the world of inner city gangs and racial conflict, Clarence is encouraged by fellow columnist Jake Woods to forge an unlikely partnership with a redneck homicide detective. Soon the two find themselves facing dark forces, while unseen eyes watch from above. This re release of Randy Alcorn's powerful bestseller spins off from Deadline and offers a fascinating glimpse inside heaven. Filled with insight and with characters so real you'll never forget them Dominion is a dramatic story of spiritual searching, racial reconciliation, and hope. Deception Homicide detective Ollie Chandler has seen it all. Done more than he cares to admit. But when he's called to investigate the murder of a Portland State University professor, he finds himself going places he's never gone before. Places he never wanted to go. Because all the evidence is pointing to one, horrific conclusion The murderer is someone in his own department. That's not the worst of it, though. Ollie has nagging doubts...about himself. Where was he during the time of the murder? Joined by journalist Clarence Abernathy and their friend Jake Woods, Ollie pushes the investigation forward. Soon all three are drawn deep into corruption and political tensions that threaten to destroy them and anyone who tries to help. But they're in too deep to quit. They've got no choice. They have to follow the evidence to the truth...No matter how ugly or dangerous it gets."
O Is for Old Dominion A Virginia Alphabet by Pamela Duncan Edwards Troy Howell. No description available
"Dominion by Masamune Shirow. On the morning of 26 April 1607, three small ships carrying 143 Englishmen arrived off the Virginia coast of North America, having spent four months at sea.... All hoped for financial success and perhaps a little adventure as it turned out, their tiny settlement eventually would evolve from colony into a prominent state in an entirely new nation. So begins Old Dominion, New Commonwealth A History of Virginia, 1607 2007 and the remarkable story behind the founding not only of the state of Virginia but of our nation. With this book, the historians Ronald L. Heinemann, John G. Kolp, Anthony S. Parent Jr., and William G. Shade collaborate to provide a comprehensive, accessible, one volume history of Virginia, the first of its kind since the 1970s. In seventeen narrative chapters, the authors tackle the four centuries of Virginia s history from Jamestown through the present, emphasizing the major themes that play throughout Virginia history change and continuity, a conservative political order, race and slavery, economic development, and social divisions and how they relate to national events. Including helpful bibliographical listings at the end of each chapter as well as a general listing of useful sources and Websites, the book is truly a treasure trove for any student, scholar, or general interest reader looking to find out more about the history of Virginia and our nation. Timed to coincide with the 2007 quadricentennial, Old Dominion, New Commonwealth will stand as a classic for years to come."
"Essentials of Conservation Biology by Richard B. Primack. This volume combines theory with applied and basic research to explain the connections between conservation biology and environmental economics, ethics, law, and the social sciences. It stresses the need for theory, research and an interdisciplinary approach in solving conservation problems."
Marine Conservation Biology The Science of Maintaining the Sea's Biodiversity by Elliott A. Norse Larry B. Crowder Michael E. Soul. 'Marine Conservation Biology' brings together leading experts from around the world to apply the lessons and thinking of conservation biology to marine issues. The contributors cover what is threatening marine biodiversity and what humans can do to recover the biological integrity of the world's oceans.
Key Topics in Conservation Biology by David W. Macdonald Alonzo C. Addison Sandra Baker Mark S. Boyce David Brown Stephen Cobb N. Mark Collins C. Patrick Doncaster John E. Fa Joshua Ginsberg Susanna B. Hecht Katrina Service Steve Albon Les Firbank Eli Geffen Lise Albrechtsen Elizabeth J. Asteraki Christian Bonacic Marcel Cardillo Chris R. Dickman Stephen A. Ellwood H. Resit Akcakaya Ruth E. Feber. No description available
"The Sawtooth Wolves by Jim Dutcher Eric Baker Greg Simpson Richard Ballantine. Discover the wonder of wolves from two Emmy winning filmmakers as they tell their story of the six years they watched, learned about, and lived with the Sawtooth wolf pack. Full color."
Rainforest Home Remedies The Maya Way To Heal Your Body and Replenish Your Soul by Rosita Arvigo Nadine Epstein. No description available
"Zolar's Encyclopedia and Dictionary of Dreams Fully Revised and Updated for the 21st Century by Zolar. The completely revised and updated edition of the classic, best selling guide to dream interpretation In the first major revision of the encyclopedia that has sold half a million copies worldwide, Zolar, the acclaimed Dean of Astrology The New Yorker , has created the indispensable bedside reference for today's dreamers, reflecting the changes that have affected our waking hours and inevitably influence the content and significance of the messages we receive while we sleep. Looking at new cultural trends, work and social patterns, technologies and means of communication, Zolar reveals the meanings of dreams about cell phones, computers, cyberspace, beepers and much more. His concise and incisive explanations of such classic dreams as meeting a redheaded stranger, flying without wings and trying to comfort a crying baby are here as well, while obsolete subjects like girdles, gleaners and grenadiers have been eliminated. To complement each dream category a lucky number has been added for this new edition. With interpretations for more than 20,000 dreams, Zolar's Encyclopedia and Dictionary of Dreams offers you the opportunity to uncover the secrets hidden in your dreams and to act on the wisdom or respond to the warnings they contain."
The Complete Dream Dictionary by Pamela Ball. No description available
"Letters from Father Christmas by J.R.R. Tolkien Baillie Tolkien. Every December an envelope bearing a stamp from the North Pole would arrive for J.R.R. Tolkien s children. Inside would be a letter in a strange, spidery handwriting and a beautiful colored drawing or painting. The letters were from Father Christmas. They told wonderful tales of life at the North Pole how the reindeer got loose and scattered presents all over the place how the accident prone North Polar Bear climbed the North Pole and fell through the roof of Father Christmas s house into the dining room how he broke the Moon into four pieces and made the Man in it fall into the back garden how there were wars with the troublesome horde of goblins who lived in the caves beneath the house, and many more. No reader, young or old, can fail to be charmed by Tolkien s inventiveness in this classic holiday treat."
"The Silmarillion by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien Ted Nasmith. Tolkien considered The Silmarillion his most important work, as it told the story of the creation and of the First Age of Middle earth the ancient drama to which characters in The Lord of the Rings look back. This new edition includes textual corrections, maps, and, by way of introduction, a letter written by Tolkien that details his conceptions of the earliest Age."
J.R.R. Tolkien A Biography by Humphrey Carpenter. No description available
The Tolkien Reader by J.R.R. Tolkien Peter S. Beagle. No description available
Tolkien on Film Essays on Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings by Janet Brennan Croft Mark P. Shea Amy H. Sturgis. No description available
The Monsters and the Critics and Other Essays by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien. No description available
The Maps of Tolkien's Middle earth by Brian Sibley John Howe J.R.R. Tolkien. No description available
"The Gospel According to Tolkien Visions of the Kingdom in Middle Earth by Ralph C. Wood. Readers have repeatedly called The Lord of the Rings the most important book of our age absorbing all 1,500 of its pages with an almost fanatical interest and seeing the Peter Jackson movies in unprecedented numbers. Readers from ages 8 to 80 keep turning to Tolkien because here, in this magical kingdom, they are immersed in depth after depth of significance and meaning perceiving the Hope that can be found amidst despair, the Charity that overcomes vengeance, and the Faith that springs from the strange power of weakness. The Gospel According to Tolkien examines biblical and Christian themes that are found in the works of J. R. R. Tolkien. Follow Ralph Wood as he takes us through the theological depths of Tolkien's literary legacy."
"The Treason of Isengard The History of The Lord of the Rings Part Two The History of Middle earth 7 by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien. The Treason of Isengard is the seventh volume in Christopher Tolkien's History of Middle earth and the second in his account of the evolution of The Lord of the Rings. In this book, following the long halt in the darkness of the Mines of Moria with which The Return of the Shadow ended, is traced the great expansion of the tale into new lands and new peoples south and east of the Misty Mountains the emergence of Lothlorien, of Ents, of the Riders of Rohan, and of Saruman the White in the fortress of Isengard. In brief outlines and pencilled drafts dashed down on scraps of paper are seen the first entry of Galadriel, the earliest ideas of the history of Gondor, the original meeting of Aragorn and Eowyn, its significance destined to be wholly transformed. Conceptions of what lay ahead are seen dissolving as the story took its own paths, as in the account of the capture of Frodo and his rescue by Sam Gmgee from Minas Morgul, written long before J.R.R. Tolkien actually came to that point in the writing of The Lord of the Rings. A chief feature of the book is a full account of the original Map, with re drawings of successive phases, which was long the basis and accompaniment of the emerging geography of Middle earth. An appendix to the book describes the Runic alphabets as they were at that time, with illustrations of the forms and an analysis of the Runes used in the Book of Mazarbul found beside Balin's Tomb in Moria."
"Tolkien and the Great War The Threshold of Middle earth by John Garth. How the First World War influenced the author of the Lord of the Rings Trilogy Very much the best book about J.R.R. Tolkien that has yet been written. A. N. Wilson As Europe plunged into World War I, J. R. R. Tolkien was a student at Oxford and part of a cohort of literary minded friends who had wide ranging conversations in their Tea Club and Barrovian Society. After finishing his degree, Tolkien experienced the horrors of the Great War as a signal officer in the Battle of the Somme, where two of those school friends died. All the while, he was hard at work on an original mythology that would become the basis of his literary masterpiece, the Lord of the Rings trilogy. In this biographical study, drawn in part from Tolkien s personal wartime papers, John Garth traces the development of the author s work during this critical period. He shows how the deaths of two comrades compelled Tolkien to pursue the dream they had shared, and argues that the young man used his imagination not to escape from reality but to transform the cataclysm of his generation. While Tolkien s contemporaries surrendered to disillusionment, he kept enchantment alive, reshaping an entire literary tradition into a form that resonates to this day. Garth s fine study should have a major audience among serious students of Tolkien. Publishers Weekly A highly intelligent book . . . Garth displays impressive skills both as researcher and writer. Max Hastings, author of The Secret War Somewhere, I think, Tolkien is nodding in appreciation. San Jose Mercury News A labour of love in which journalist Garth combines a newsman s nose for a good story with a scholar s scrupulous attention to detail . . . Brilliantly argued. Daily Mail UK Gripping from start to finish and offers important new insights. Library Journal Insight into how a writer turned academia into art, how deeply friendship supports and wounds us, and how the death and disillusionment that characterized World War I inspired Tolkien s lush saga. Detroit Free Press"
"Tolkien and C.S. Lewis The Gift of a Friendship by Colin Duriez. This book explores their lives, unfolding the extraordinary story of their complex friendship that lasted, with its ups and downs, until Lewis's death in 1963. Despite their differences of temperament, spiritual emphasis, and storytelling style what united them was much stronger A shared vision that continues to inspire their millions of readers throughout the world. BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved"
"The Book of Lost Tales Part One The History of Middle Earth 1 by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien. The extraordinary history of Middle earth, edited by Christopher Tolkien The Book of Lost Tales stands at the beginning of the entire conception of Middle earth and Valinor. Embedded in English legend and English association, they were set in the narrative frame of a great westward voyage over the Ocean by a mariner named Eriol or lfwine to Tol Eress a, the Lonely Isle, where Elves dwelt from them he learned their true history, the Lost Tales of Elfinesse. In the Tales are found the earliest accounts and original ideas of Gods and Elves Dwarves and Orcs the Silmarils and the Two Trees of Valinor Nargothrond and Gondolin and the geography and cosmology of the invented world. Praise for Book of Lost Tales 1 In these tales we have the scholar joyously gamboling in the thickets of his imagination. . . . A commentary and notes greatly enrich the quest. The Daily Telegraph Affords us an almost over the shoulder view into the evolving creative process and genius of J.R.R. Tolkien in a new, exciting aspect . . .The superb, sensitive, and extremely helpful commentary and editing done by Christopher Tolkien make all of this possible. Mythlore"
"Tree and Leaf Includes Mythopoeia and The Homecoming of Beorhtnoth by J.R.R. Tolkien. The two works 'On fairy stories' and 'Leaf by Niggle' were first brought together to form the book 'Tree and leaf' in 1964. In this new edition a third element is added the poem Mythopoeia, the making of myths... Preface."
"The Lord of the Rings The Making of the Movie Trilogy by Brian Sibley Ian McKellen. Charting the making of Peter Jackson's film, this is a behind the scenes guide featuring colour photographs of the cast, locations, sets, monsters and costumes, and an overview of the making of the film trilogy. Designed as a celebration of the films, the book includes material from The Two Towers."
Tolkien A Look Behind The Lord of the Rings by Lin Carter. No description available
"The Lord of the Rings The Lord of the Rings 1 3 by J.R.R. Tolkien Rob Inglis. A beautiful illustrated boxed set collecting the two most popular Tolkien hardbacks the Centenary edition of The Lord of the Rings and the 60th Anniversary edition of The Hobbit, both illustrated by Alan Lee. Since they were first published, The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings have been two books people have treasured. Steeped in unrivalled magic and otherworldliness, these works of sweeping fantasy have touched the hearts of young and old alike. Between them, nearly 100 million copies have been sold around the world. And no editions have proved more popular than the two that were illustrated by award winning artist, Alan Lee the Centenary edition of The Lord of the Rings and the 60th Anniversary edition of The Hobbit. Now, for the first time, these two beautifully illustrated hardbacks have been collected together into one deluxe boxed set. Readers will be able to follow the complete story of the Hobbits and their part in the quest for the Ring beginning with Bilbo's fateful visit from Gandalf and culminating in the dramatic climax between Frodo and Gollum atop Mount Doom while also enjoying over seventy full page colour paintings and numerous illustrations which acco"
"Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil by John Berendt. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER A modern classic of true crime, set in a most beguiling Southern city now in a 30th anniversary edition with a new afterword by the author The basis for the upcoming Broadway musical, coming in 2025! Elegant and wicked . . . might be the first true crime book that makes the reader want to book a bed and breakfast for an extended weekend at the scene of the crime. The New York Times Book Review Shots rang out in Savannah s grandest mansion in the misty, early morning hours of May 2, 1981. Was it murder or self defense? For nearly a decade, the shooting and its aftermath reverberated throughout this hauntingly beautiful city of moss hung oaks and shaded squares. In this sharply observed, suspenseful, and witty narrative, John Berendt skillfully interweaves a hugely entertaining first person account of life in this isolated remnant of the Old South with the unpredictable twists and turns of a landmark murder case. It is a spellbinding story peopled by a gallery of remarkable characters the well bred society ladies of the Married Woman s Card Club the turbulent young gigolo the hapless recluse who owns a bottle of poison so powerful it could kill every man, woman, and child in Savannah the aging and profane Southern belle who is the soul of pampered self absorption the uproariously funny drag queen the acerbic and arrogant antiques dealer the sweet talking, piano playing con artist young people dancing the minuet at the black debutante ball and Minerva, the voodoo priestess who works her magic in the graveyard at midnight. These and other Savannahians act as a Greek chorus, with Berendt revealing the alliances, hostilities, and intrigues that thrive in a town where everyone knows everyone else. Brilliantly conceived and masterfully written, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil is a sublime and seductive reading experience."
Tom's Midnight Garden by Philippa Pearce. No description available
"Animals in Translation Using the Mysteries of Autism to Decode Animal Behavior by Temple Grandin Catherine Johnson. Animal scientist Temple Grandin argues that people with autism think the way animals think and draws from her experiences with autism to discuss how animals think, act, and feel."
"God's Covenant with Animals A Biblical Basis for the Humane Treatment of All Creatures by J.R. Hyland. From Genesis to Christ, the Bible testifies to God's love and concern for animals. The same self centeredness that led to the violence and abuse that has marked human relations also caused the abuse and exploitation of animals. The Bible, argues the author, calls upon human beings to stop their violence and abuse of each other and all other creatures. It promises that when they do, the sorrow and the suffering that marks life on Earth will give way to the joy and peace that God ordained at the creation of the world. In these compelling essays, Rev. J. R. Hyland explores the Old and New Testament and reveals the prophetic voices that called for compassion over killing, and humane concern for all of God's creation."
Lafayette by Harlow Giles Unger. No description available
My Pride and Joy An Autobiography by George Adamson. No description available
Runaways Vol. 1 Pride and Joy by Brian K. Vaughan Adrian Alphona. No description available
"Sky's Pride and Joy Bachelor Gulch 8 by Sandra Steffen. Loner Sky Buchanan was sure that his encounter with beguiling Meredith Warner was just a beautiful memory until the day she returned to town, expecting his child! Sky had never planned on kids nor wanted a wife. Still, the thought of his baby cradled in Meredith's gentle embrace and Meredith in his own spurred him to propose. But how dare she refuse didn't she know how many others had longed to hear those words? Yet Meredith insisted on more than I do she wanted the other words. Was there a chance she'd ever get them?"
The Baby Emergency Tennengarrah Clinic 1 by Carol Marinelli. The doctor and the single mom
"The Shaping of America A Geographical Perspective on 500 Years of History Volume 2 Continental America 1800 1867 by D.W. Meinig. Volume one examines how an immense diversity of ethnic and religious groups ultimately created a set of distinct regional societies. Volume two emphasizes the flux, uncertainty, and unpredictablilty of the expansion into continental America, showing how a multitude of individuals confronted complex and problematic issues."
"The Basic Bakunin by Mikhail Bakunin Robert M. Cutler. The three years covered by this anthology represent the only time in Mikhail Bakunin''s life when he was able to concentrate on his work and sustain a consistent output of speeches and writings. Only one of these texts has appeared before in an unabridged English translation. All dating from the period of Bakunin''s propaganda on behalf of the First International, they thus belong to a period central to Bakunin''s anarchism and mark the height of his influence during his lifetime.Robert M. Cutler''s introduction traces the development of selected themes in Bakunin''s pre anarchist thought beginning with his acquaintanceship with German idealist philosophy through his anarchist period. In this way it reconstructs Bakunin''s concept of the role of the International in the revolutionary movement and provides a new interpretation of his theory and practice of revolutionary organization. The chronology and annotated bibliography make this collection an ideal introduction to Bakunin and a useful reference work for specialists."
Berlioz Servitude and Greatness 1832 1869 Volume 2 by David Cairns. No description available
The Nubian Prince by Juan Bonilla Esther Allen. No description available
"Pardonable Lies Maisie Dobbs 3 by Jacqueline Winspear. Psychologist sleuth Maisie Dobbs is called in by Sir Cecil Lawton to investigate the mystery behind the death of his wife's aviator son during World War I, a mission that brings her face to face with a college friend with ties to the missing pilot."
"Naked Lunch by William S. Burroughs James Grauerholz Barry Miles. Since its original publication in Paris in 1959, Naked Lunch has become one of the most important novels of the twentieth century. Exerting its influence on the relationship of art and obscenity, it is one of the books that redefined not just literature but American culture. For the Burroughs enthusiast and the neophyte, this volume that contains final draft typescripts, numerous unpublished contemporaneous writings by Burroughs, his own later introductions to the book, and his essay on psychoactive drugs is a valuable and fresh experience of a novel that has lost none of its relevance or satirical bite."
Naked Lunch The Restored Text by William S. Burroughs. No description available
The Electric Kool aid Acid Test The Kandy Kolored Tangerine Flake Streamline Baby Radical Chic Mau Mauing the Flak Catchers by Tom Wolfe. No description available
The Glass Castle by Jeannette Walls. Original publication and copyright date 2005.
"Same Sex in the City by Lauren Levin Lauren Blitzer. At last lesbian culture is becoming more visible in the mainstream media. From The O.C. to The L Word, gay women and the occasional bi curious straight girl are portrayed coming to terms with their sexuality and embracing it. But the journey from sexual curiosity to finally coming out can be confusing without proper guidance and empowering role models. Lauren Blitzer and Lauren Levin know first hand the challenges that lesbian women face in our society, and SAME SEX IN THE CITY is their uplifting and at times irreverent response. The Laurens are both prominent figures in the New York lesbian community, though their stories are very different. Here they relate their own experiences and those of the women they interview, as well as offer serious advice, alluring anecdotes, and a positive attitude for girls who know they're gay and those who are wondering about their sexuality but are not yet sure whether their Prince Charming is really a Cinderella. Part confessional, part informational, SAME SEX IN THE CITY covers the gamut of lesbian life from dating to heartbreak, from hooking up with straight chicks to being out at work. It's the book that millions of women have been searching for a step by step guide that will help every woman come to terms with and celebrate her sexuality, whatever it may be."
Sex and the City Kiss and Tell by Amy Sohn Sarah Jessica Parker. No description available
Human Traces by Sebastian Faulks. No description available
"The Girl at the Lion d'Or by Sebastian Faulks. Beautifully written and extraordinarily moving. The Sunday Times London From the author of the international bestseller Birdsong, comes a haunting historical novel of passion, loss, and courage set in France between the two world wars. This Vintage Original edition marks its first appearance in the United States. On a rainy night in the 1930s, Anne Louvet appears at the run down Hotel du Lion d'Or in the village of Janvilliers. She is seeking a job and a new life, one far removed from the awful injustices of her past. As Anne embarks on a torrential love affair with a married veteran of the Great War, The Girl at the Lion d'Or fashions an unbreakable spell of narrative and atmosphere that evokes French masters from Flaubert to Renoir. This moving and profound novel is perfectly constructed, and admirable in its configurations of place and period. The Times London I would urge those who appreciated The French Lieutenant's Woman to try this one . They may well think it superior. Sunday Telegraph London"
Founding Brothers The Revolutionary Generation by Joseph J. Ellis. No description available
Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas by James Patterson. No description available
Hitler's Willing Executioners Ordinary Germans and the Holocaust by Daniel Jonah Goldhagen. No description available
"Hitler's Willinge Vollstrecker Ganz gew hlnliche Deutsche und der Holocaust by Daniel Jonah Goldhagen. Provides a guide to the extensive literature on the war in the East, including largely unknown Soviet writing on the subject. Sections on policy and strategy, the military campaign, the ideologically motivated war of annihilation in the East, the occupation, and coming to terms with the results of the war offer a wealth of bibliographic citations, and include introductions detailing history of the period and related issues. For military historians, and for scholars who approach this period in history from a socio economic or cultural perspective. No index. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR"
Beach Girls by Luanne Rice. No description available
"The Beach House by James Patterson Peter de Jonge. The first release in The Beach House series is the story of four women, friends from childhood, who reunite to celebrate their fortieth birthdays. After the distance of time and geography, they look forward to the camaraderie of old friends and the escape from everyday life as they stay at a San Diego beach house. When thoughts and discussion turn to the history of their friendship, will problems of the past threaten to overtake the present? The quest for understanding, identity, faith, and friendship provides a universal thread in this tender and charming story from Sally John that will connect with women from all walks of life."
"The Beach House Beach House 1 by Mary Alice Monroe. The first release in The Beach House series is the story of four women, friends from childhood, who reunite to celebrate their fortieth birthdays. After the distance of time and geography, they look forward to the camaraderie of old friends and the escape from everyday life as they stay at a San Diego beach house. When thoughts and discussion turn to the history of their friendship, will problems of the past threaten to overtake the present? The quest for understanding, identity, faith, and friendship provides a universal thread in this tender and charming story from Sally John that will connect with women from all walks of life."
"Path of the Assassin Scot Harvath 2 by Brad Thor. Brad Thor's national best selling debut, The Lions of Lucerne, was hailed as high voltage entertainment reminiscent of Robert Ludlum Literary Journal . Now, he again delivers a non stop action as one man's quest for revenge thrusts him into a battle to save his country.... After rescuing the President from kidnappers, Navy SEAL turned Secret Service agent Scot Harvath shifts his attentions to rooting out, capturing, or killing all those responsible for the plot. As he prepares to close out his list, a bloody and twisted trail of clues points toward one man the world's most feared, most ruthless terrorist, Hashim Nidal. Having assembled an international league of Islamic terrorist networks in an ingenious plot to topple both Israel and America, Harvath and his CIA led team must reach Nidal before it's too late. One problem remains they have no idea what the man looks like. With no alternative, Harvath is forced to recruit a civilian a woman who has survived a brutal hijacking and is now the only person who can positively identify their quarry. From the burning deserts of North Africa to the winding streets of Rome, Harvath must brave a maelstrom of bloodshed and deception before a madman's twisted vision engulfs the world in the fires of all out war...."
Presidential Assassins History Makers by Patricia D. Netzley. Traces the lives and motives of American assassins or would be assassins and their impact on history.
"The Blind Side Evolution of a Game by Michael Lewis. Story of Michael Oher, a rising gridiron star, who was rescued from the ghettos of Memphis and placed with a wealthy family to help develop his football skills."
"The Blind Watchmaker by Richard Dawkins. Reprint of the 1987 original with a new introduction and preface. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR"
"I Love Everybody and Other Atrocious Lies by Laurie Notaro. Here are more scathingly funny tales from the wild side! Laurie Notaro survived the debauched ride of her twenties and the bumpy road to matrimony. Now she s ready to take on the thirtysomething years . . . and almost middle age has never been more hilarious. Laurie is married, mortgaged, and now miraculously employed in the corporate world, discovering that bosses come in all shapes, sizes, and degrees of mental stability. After maxing out her last good credit card at Banana Republic, she s dressed for success and ready to face the jungle surviving feral, six foot plus Gretchen Three Thousand Faces of Eve before battling the overbearing, overstuffed in way too small pants new mom Suzzi, who ruthlessly cancels Laurie s newspaper column and learns that payback can be a bitch. Laurie also explores the backstabbing world of preschoolers at a Halloween party, the X rated madness of a family trip to Disneyland, and the pressure from her QVC addicted mother and the rest of the world to reproduce. But while losing more friends to babies than to booze, she realizes there s a plus side at least for a couple of months she gets to be the thinner friend. I Love Everybody and Other Atrocious Lies is Laurie Notaro at her deliciously quirky best. Can a woman prone to what her loved ones might term meltdowns she considers them Opportunities to Enlighten put a smile on her face and love everybody? Take a guess."
Autobiography of a Fat Bride True Tales of a Pretend Adulthood by Laurie Notaro. No description available
The Idiot Girls' Action Adventure Club True Tales from a Magnificent and Clumsy Life by Laurie Notaro. No description available
"We Thought You Would Be Prettier True Tales of the Dorkiest Girl Alive by Laurie Notaro. She thought she d have more time. Laurie Notaro figured she had at least a few good years left. But no it s happened. She has officially lost her marbles. From the kid at the pet food store checkout line whose coif is so bizarre it makes her seethe I m going to kick his hair s ass! to the hapless Sears customer service rep on the receiving end of her Campaign of Terror, no one is safe from Laurie s wrath. Her cranky side seems to have eaten the rest of her inner thigh Chub Rub and all. And the results are breathtaking. Her riffs on e mail spam With all of these irresistible offers served up to me on a plate, I WANT A PENIS NOW!! , eBay There should be an eBay wading pool, where you can only bid on Precious Moments figurines and Avon products, that you have to make it through before jumping into the deep end , and the perils of St. Patrick s Day When I m driving, the last thing I need is a herd of inebriates darting in and out of traffic like loaded chickens are the stuff of legend. And for Laurie, it s all true."
"There's a Slight Chance I Might Be Going to Hell A Novel of Sewer Pipes Pageant Queens and Big Trouble by Laurie Notaro. The first novel from the New York Times bestselling author of The Idiot Girls Action Adventure Club is a rollicking tale of small town peculiarity, dark secrets, and one extraordinary beauty pageant. When her husband is offered a post at a small university, Maye is only too happy to pack up and leave the relentless Phoenix heat for the lush green quietude of Spaulding, Washington. While she loves the odd little town, there is one thing she didn t anticipate just how heartbreaking it would be leaving her friends behind. And when you re a childless thirtysomething freelance writer who works at home, making new friends can be quite a challenge. After a series of false starts nearly gets her exiled from town, Maye decides that her last chance to connect with her new neighbors is to enter the annual Sewer Pipe Queen Pageant, a kooky but dead serious local tradition open to contestants of all ages and genders. Aided by a deranged former pageant queen with one eyebrow, Maye doesn t just make a splash, she uncovers a sinister mystery that has haunted the town for decades. Laurie Notaro may be the funniest writer in this solar system. The Miami Herald"
"Anleitung zum Zickigsein by Laurie Notaro. Laurie ist mollig, hat einen gepflegten Raucherhusten und ein ziemlich angeschlagenes Selbstbewusstsein. Ihr Leben ist nicht gerade ein rauschenden Fest ... aber eine schier unersch pfliche Quelle gro artiger Geschichten. Und hier sind sie die Betrachtungen einer richtigen Zicke mit ihren Freundinnen vereint im Club der verr ckten H hner. Dort besprechen sie in Ruhe die Highlights ihres Lebens unertr gliche Dispute mit M ttern, das sinnlose Unterfangen, M nner ndern zu wollen, unvergessliche Arztbesuche und nicht zuletzt ihre Spezialit t Schneller gl cklich werden mit mehr Alkohol ..."
The Psychology of Winning by Denis Waitley. No description available
Jimmy Corrigan El Chico m s Listo del Mundo by Chris Ware. No description available
The Acme Novelty Library 17 by Chris Ware. No description available
The Acme Novelty Library by Chris Ware. No description available
The Acme Novelty Datebook Vol. 1 1986 1995 by Chris Ware. No description available
"Quimby The Mouse by Chris Ware. Cleverly appropriated old fashioned animation imagery and advertising styles of the 1920s and 1930s are put to use in Quimby the Mouse at the service of modern vignettes of angst and existentialism. As this cartoon silhouette of a mouse ignominiously suffers at every turn, the spaces between the panels create despair and a Beckett like rhythm of hope deceived and deferred but never quite extinguished , buoying Quimby from page to page. Like Ware's first book, Jimmy Corrigan, Quimby is saturated with Ware's genius, including consistently amazing graphics, insanely perfectionist production values, cut out and assemble paper projects, and the formal complexity of his narratives that have earned him the reputation as one of the most prodigious artists of his generation."
"Candide or Optimism by Voltaire Chris Ware Theo Cuffe Michael Wood. Every lover of classic literature should read Candide, the satirical masterpiece that shocked Paris upon its publication in 1759. The novel challenges many of the core assertions of Enlightenment philosophy and calls into question vast swaths of Christian dogma. Though widely banned after its publication, it propelled Voltaire to literary stardom and remains one of the most popular French novels ever written."
"Even Cowgirls Get the Blues by Tom Robbins. This is one of those special novels a piece of working magic, warm, funny, and sane. Thomas Pynchon The whooping crane rustlers are girls. Young girls. Cowgirls, as a matter of fact, all bursting with dimples and hormones and the FBI has never seen anything quite like them. Yet their rebellion at the Rubber Rose Ranch is almost overshadowed by the arrival of the legendary Sissy Hankshaw, a white trash goddess literally born to hitchhike, and the freest female of them all. Freedom, its prizes and its prices, is a major theme of Tom Robbins s classic tale of eccentric adventure. As his robust characters attempt to turn the tables on fate, the reader is drawn along on a tragicomic joyride across the badlands of sexuality, wild rivers of language, and the frontiers of the mind."
Even Cowgirls Get the Blues My Own Private Idaho by Gus Van Sant Tom Robbins. No description available
Awakening the Buddha Within Eight Steps to Enlightenment by Surya Das. No description available
"Iran Awakening A Memoir of Revolution and Hope by Shirin Ebadi. A NEW YORK TIMES NOTABLE BOOK The moving, inspiring memoir of one of the great women of our times, Shirin Ebadi, winner of the 2003 Nobel Peace Prize and advocate for the oppressed, whose spirit has remained strong in the face of political persecution and despite the challenges she has faced raising a family while pursuing her work. Best known in this country as the lawyer working tirelessly on behalf of Canadian photojournalist, Zara Kazemi raped, tortured and murdered in Iran Dr. Ebadi offers us a vivid picture of the struggles of one woman against the system. The book movingly chronicles her childhood in a loving, untraditional family, her upbringing before the Revolution in 1979 that toppled the Shah, her marriage and her religious faith, as well as her life as a mother and lawyer battling an oppressive regime in the courts while bringing up her girls at home. Outspoken, controversial, Shirin Ebadi is one of the most fascinating women today. She rose quickly to become the first female judge in the country but when the religious authorities declared women unfit to serve as judges she was demoted to clerk in the courtroom she had once presided over. She eventually fought her way back as a human rights lawyer, defending women and children in politically charged cases that most lawyers were afraid to represent. She has been arrested and been the target of assassination, but through it all has spoken out with quiet bravery on behalf of the victims of injustice and discrimination and become a powerful voice for change, almost universally embraced as a hero. Her memoir is a gripping story a must read for anyone interested in Zara Kazemi s case, in the life of a remarkable woman, or in understanding the political and religious upheaval in our world. Praise for Shirin Ebadi and Iran Awakening This is the riveting story of an amazing and very brave woman living through some quite turbulent times. And she emerges with head unbowed. Archbishop Desmond Tutu The safety and freedom of citizens in democracies is irretrievably bound with the safety and freedom of people like Shirin Ebadi who are fighting to reassert the best achievements of mankind universal human rights. One of the staunchest advocates for human rights in her country and beyond, Ms. Ebadi, herself a devout Muslim, represents hope for many in Muslim societies that Islam and democracy are indeed compatible. Azar Nafisi A moving portrait of a life lived in truth. The New York Times Book Review A riveting account of a brave, lonely struggle . . . Iran Awakening reads like a police thriller, its drama heightened by Ebadi s determination to keep up the quotidian aspects of her family life. The Washington Post Book World A must read . . . may be the most important book you could read this year. Seattle Post Intelligencer"
The Book of Awakening Having the Life You Want by Being Present to the Life You Have by Mark Nepo. No description available
Awakening Intuition Using Your Mind Body Network for Insight and Healing by Mona Lisa Schulz Christiane Northrup. No description available
"The Grace Awakening Believing in Grace Is One Thing. Living it Is Another by Charles R. Swindoll. Have we forgotten the meaning of grace? Preachers preach it. Teachers teach it. Theologians analyze it. Then we forget about it. Here, in a twentieth anniversary edition, is The Grace Awakening, Charles Swindoll's best selling classic that has awakened hundreds of thousands of readers to the untapped wonders of grace. Wonders that Christians know with their minds but forget with their hearts. Wonders that can make a difference in the way we live, in the way we approach life. Wonders that can make the difference between ho hum religion and an intimate relationship with a God who wishes us nothing short of joy. Included in this anniversary edition is The Grace Awakening Devotional, a month long spiritual journey to help you explore the newfound freedom of God's grace in your life. As you continue to experience the wonder of God's inexhaustible grace, you'll be awakened in new ways to everything God wants to do in your life."
Spring's Awakening by Frank Wedekind Eric Bentley. No description available
"Awakening at Midlife A Guide to Reviving Your Spirit Recreating Your Life and Returning to Your Truest Self by Kathleen A. Brehony. Offers special sections on recovering childhood dreams, enriching creative expression, learning to appreciate our physical selves, heightening consciousness, and more."
"A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man by James Joyce Seamus Deane. James Joyce's A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man 1916 is one of the twentieth century's great coming of age novels. This Norton Critical Edition is based on Hans Walter Gabler's acclaimed text and is accompanied by his introduction and textual notes. John Paul Riquelme provides explanatory notes to deepen the reader's appreciation for Joyce's masterpiece. Backgrounds and Contexts is topically organized Political Nationalism Irish History, 1798 1916, The Irish Literary and Cultural Revival, Religion, and Aesthetic Backgrounds. Fourteen illustrations accompany the documents. Criticism begins with John Paul Riquelme's overview of A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man's structure. Twelve diverse interpretations of his work follow, by Kenneth Burke, Umberto Eco, Hugh Kenner, Helene Cixous, John Paul Riquelme, Karen Lawrence, Maud Ellmann, Bonnie Kime Scott, Joseph Valente, Marian Eide, Pericles Lewis, adn Jonathan Mulrooney. A Selected Bibliography is also included. BOOK JACKET."
A Portrait of the Artist As a Young Man by James Joyce Walter Hettche Hans Walter Gabler John Paul Riquelme John Mitchel Michael Davitt Canon Doyle P draic Pearse Ignatius of Loyola Giovanni Pietro Pinamont Walter Pater Oscar Wilde Douglas Hyde Kenneth Burke Umberto Eco Hugh Kenner H l ne Cixous Karen Lawrence Maud Ellmann Bonnie Kime Scott Joseph Valente Marian Eide Pericles Lewis Jonathan Mulrooney J.M. Synge. No description available
A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man by James Joyce Jim Norton. No description available
A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man by James Joyce Langdon Hammer. No description available
Vincent Van Gogh Portrait of an Artist by Jan Greenberg Sandra Jordan. No description available
A Study Guide to Gabriel Garcia Marquez' One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garc a M rquez Brenda K. Marshall F. Murray Abraham. No description available
One Hundred Years Of Solitude by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. No description available
Reading Lolita in Tehran A Memoir in Books by Azar Nafisi. No description available
"The Annotated Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov Alfred Appel. Nabokov's wise, ironic, and elegant masterpiece. A controversial love story almost shocking in its beauty and tenderness. This annotated edition assiduously illuminates the extravagant wordplay and the frequent literary allusions, parodies, and cross references. Edited with a preface, introduction, and notes by Alfred Appel, Jr. Fascinatingly detailed. Edmund Morris, The New York Times Book Review When it was published in 1955, Lolita immediately became a cause c l bre because of the freedom and sophistication with which it handled the unusual erotic predilections of its protagonist. Awe and exhilaration along with heartbreak and mordant wit abound in this account of the aging Humbert Humbert's obsessive, devouring, and doomed passion for the nymphet Dolores Haze. Lolita is also the story of a hypercivilized European colliding with the cheerful barbarism of postwar America, but most of all, it is a meditation on love love as outrage and hallucination, madness and transformation."
"Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov Jeremy Irons. The most famous and controversial novel from one of the greatest writers of the twentieth century tells the story of Humbert Humbert s obsessive, devouring, and doomed passion for the nymphet Dolores Haze. The conjunction of a sense of humor with a sense of horror results in satire of a very special kind. The New Yorker One of The Atlantic s Great American Novels of the Past 100 Years Awe and exhilaration along with heartbreak and mordant wit abound in Lolita, which tells the story of the aging Humbert Humbert's obsession for the nymphet Dolores Haze. Lolita is also the story of a hypercivilized European colliding with the cheerful barbarism of postwar America. Most of all, it is a meditation on love love as outrage and hallucination, madness and transformation."
Nacho and Lolita by Pam Mu oz Ryan Claudia Rueda. No description available
Reading Lolita in Tehran by Azar Nafisi. No description available
"sex.lies.murder.fame. by Lolita Files. In sex.lies.murder.fame., Lolita Files delivers a sizzling satire set against the affluence and sensuality of the literary and music worlds that explores the outrageous lengths to which three devout fame chasers will go to seek their fortune. Fame is a b . And when boy meets b , nothing can keep the two of them apart. Penn Hamilton is young, brilliant, beautiful, and ready to take on the world and claim his rightful place in the midst of celebrity. As a Writer. Rapper. Model. God. Unfortunately, the world is not quite ready for him. When Penn writes what he believes to be the Great American Literary Blockbuster, he's rebuffed at every turn. Faced with ridicule, rejection, and mounting resentment, he decides to fight back using his assets rock star looks, genius IQ, and killer charm. Beryl Unger is a rising star in the publishing world, editor to literati and glitterati alike. Single, plain, obsessive, a bit on the dreamy side, she's a train wreck waiting to happen, and easy prey for a beautiful man with a seductive plan. When Penn meets Beryl, sparks fly. And sparks fly even higher when he meets the breathtaking superstar romance author Sharlyn Tate. Two women, one man. A man with no boundaries, who will stop short at nothing even brutal, vicious murder to fulfill his desperate ambition. Lolita Files is the author of the bestselling Child of God, which has been optioned as a feature film by Kanye West. Files has a degree in broadcast journalism and lives outside of Los Angeles, where she is currently developing projects for television and film."
Animal Farm by George Orwell Boris Grabnar Peter kerl. No description available
"Farm Animals A Chunky Book by Phoebe Dunn. Little ones will love My First Big Book of Farm Animals, a jumbo coloring book packed with almost 200 pages of coloring fun! Children will love My First Big Book of Farm Animals, a follow up book to the successful My First Big Book of Coloring and My First Book of Coloring 2, that's packed with page after page of farm animal fun! The appealing artwork, with its heavy, chunky black lines, are eye catching and kid friendly. This book is sure to engage little ones for hours!"
Good Soldier Svejk And His Fortunes In The World by Jaroslav Ha ek. Translates the iconoclastic Czech's classic satire depicting the adventures of a soldier during the First World War
The Good Soldier by Ford Madox Ford Frank Kermode. No description available
Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury. No description available
"Next by Michael Crichton. A stirring, intimate reflection on the nature of race and American nationhood that has inspired generations of writers and thinkers, first published in 1963, the same year as the March on Washington The finest essay I ve ever read. Ta Nehisi Coates, 1 New York Times bestselling author of the National Book Award winner Between the World and Me With clarity, conviction, and passion, James Baldwin delivers a dire warning of the effects of racism that remains urgent nearly sixty years after its original publication. In the first of two essays, My Dungeon Shook Letter to My Nephew on the One Hundredth Anniversary of the Emancipation, Baldwin offers kind and unflinching counsel on what it means to be Black in the United States and explains the twisted logic of American racism. In Down at the Cross Letter from a Region in My Mind, Baldwin recounts his spiritual journey into the church after a religious crisis at the age of fourteen, and then back out of it again, as well as his meeting with Elijah Muhammad, the leader of the Nation of Islam. Throughout, Baldwin urges us to confront the oppressive institutions of race, religion, and nationhood itself, and insists that shared resilience among both Black and white people is the only way forward. As much as it is a reckoning with America s racist past, The Fire Next Time is also a clarion call to care, courage, and love, and a candle to light the way."
"Three Complete Novels The Andromeda Strain The Terminal Man The Great Train Robbery by Michael Crichton. Three complete novels in one volume from bestselling author Michael Crichton The Andromeda Strain, The Terminal Man, and The Great Train Robbery."
A Case of Need by Jeffery Hudson Michael Crichton. No description available
A New Collection of Three Complete Novels Congo Sphere Eaters of the Dead by Michael Crichton. No description available
Travels by Michael Crichton. No description available
"Rising Sun by Michael Crichton. 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER From the author of Jurassic Park, Timeline, and Sphere comes this riveting thriller of corporate intrigue and cutthroat competition between American and Japanese business interests. As well built a thrill machine as a suspense novel can be. The New York Times Book Review On the forty fifth floor of the Nakamoto tower in downtown Los Angeles the new American headquarters of the immense Japanese conglomerate a grand opening celebration is in full swing. On the forty sixth floor, in an empty conference room, the corpse of a beautiful young woman is discovered. The investigation immediately becomes a headlong chase through a twisting maze of industrial intrigue, a no holds barred conflict in which control of a vital American technology is the fiercely coveted prize and in which the Japanese saying Business is war takes on a terrifying reality. A grand maze of plot twists . . . Crichton s gift for spinning a timely yarn is going to be enough, once again, to serve a current tenant of the bestseller list with an eviction notice. New York Daily News The action in Rising Sun unfolds at a breathless pace. Business Week"
"The Andromeda Strain Andromeda 1 by Michael Crichton. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER The novel that redefined the science fiction genre, starring a team of scientists who must uncover what killed the citizens of a sleepy desert town and stop the deadly contagion before it creates a catastrophe. I love anything Michael Crichton writes. Stephen King A military space probe, sent to collect extraterrestrial organisms from the upper atmosphere, is knocked out of orbit and falls to Earth. Twelve miles from the crash site, an inexplicable and deadly phenomenon terrorizes the residents of a sleepy desert town in Arizona, leaving only two survivors an elderly addict and a newborn infant. The United States government is forced to mobilize Project Wildfire, a top secret emergency response protocol. Four of the nation s most elite biophysicists are summoned to a clandestine underground laboratory located five stories beneath the desert and fitted with an automated atomic self destruction mechanism for cases of irremediable contamination. Under conditions of total news blackout and the utmost urgency, the scientists race to understand and contain the crisis. But the Andromeda Strain proves different from anything they ve ever seen and what they don t know could not only hurt them, but lead to unprecedented worldwide catastrophe."
"Congo by Michael Crichton. Since well before Henry Morgan Stanley's fabled encounter with David Livingstone on the shore on Lake Tanganyika in the late 19th century and his subsequent collaboration with King Leopold of Belgium in looting the country of its mineral wealth, the Congo's history has been one of collaboration by a minority with, and struggle by the majority against, Western intervention. Before the colonial period, there were military struggles against annexation. During Belgian rule, charismatic religious figures emerged, promising an end to white domination copper miners struck for higher wages and rural workers struggled for survival. During the second half of the 20th century, the Congo's efforts at disentanglement from Belgian rule, the murder of the nationalist leader Patrice Lumumba and the long dictatorship of General Mobutu culminated in one of the bloodiest wars the world has ever seen. At the start of a new millennium, this book argues that the West has plundered Africa to its own advantage and that unrestrained global capitalism threatens to remake the entire world, bringing violence and destruction in the name of profit. In this radical history, the authors show not only how the Congo represents and symbolises the continent's long history of subordination, but also how the determined struggle of its people has continued, against the odds, to provide the Congo and the rest of Africa with real hope for the future."
"Eaters of the Dead by Michael Crichton. It is 922 A.D. The refined Arab courtier Ibn Fadlan is accompanying a party of Viking warriors back to the north. Fadlan belatedly discovers that his job is to combat the terrors in the night that come to slaughter the Vikings but just how he will do it, Fadlan has no idea...."
The Michael Crichton Collection Airframe The Lost World Timeline by Michael Crichton Stephen Lang Anthony Heald Blair Brown. No description available
"Jurassic Park Jurassic Park 1 by Michael Crichton. Made by Hollywood's most inventive and successful director, Steven Spielberg, JURASSIC PARK was one of the most talked about, most anticipated films to capture the American imagination in years. Now you can go behind the scenes for a rare, inside look at the making of the movie. Learn the story behind the story the road from novel to screenplay Watch as the finest f x team in movie history pooled their talents to create the lifelike dinosaurs Read exclusive interviews with Steven Spielberg, Michael Crichton, and the key actors, and so much more!"
"The Terminal Man by Michael Crichton. From the bestselling author of Jurassic Park, Timeline, and Sphere comes a neurological thriller about the dangers of cutting edge medical experimentation. Harry Benson suffers from violent seizures. So violent that he often blackouts when they take hold. Shortly after severely beating two men during an episode, the police escort Benson to a Los Angeles hospital for treatment. There, Dr. Roger McPherson, head of the prestigious Neuropsychiatric Research Unit, is convinced he can cure Benson with an experimental procedure that would place electrodes deep in his brain s pleasure centers, effectively short circuiting Harry's seizures with pulses of bliss. The surgery is successful, but while Benson is in recovery, he discovers how to trigger the pulses himself. To make matters worse his violent impulses have only grown, and he soon escapes the hospital with a deadly agenda. . ."
Five Patients by Michael Crichton. A construction worker in his fifties is seriously injured in the collapse of a scaffold....A middle aged railroad dispatcher develops a high fever that makes him wildly delirious....A young worker nearly severs his hand from his arm in an accident....A woman traveling alone has persistent chest pains and is treated by a doctor on a TV screen....A mother of three is diagnosed with a deadly disease....
Twister by Michael Crichton Anne Marie Martin. No description available
Peter Pan and Other Plays by J.M. Barrie Peter Hollindale. No description available
"Management Information Systems Managing the Digital Firm by Kenneth C. Laudon Jane P. Laudon. Management Information Systems provides comprehensive and integrative coverage of essential new technologies, information system applications, and their impact on business models and managerial decision making in an exciting and interactive manner. The twelfth edition focuses on the major changes that have been made in information technology over the past two years, and includes new opening, closing, and Interactive Session cases."
Holy the Firm by Annie Dillard. No description available
"Persian Mirrors The Elusive Face of Iran by Elaine Sciolino. No American reporter has more experience covering Iran or more access to the private corners of Iranian society than Elaine Sciolino. As a correspondent for Newsweek and The New York Times, she has reported on the key events of the past two decades. She was aboard the airplane that brought Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini to Tehran in 1979 she was there for the Iranian revolution, the hostage crisis, the Iran Iraq war, the rise of President Mohammad Khatami, and the riots of the summer of 1999. In Persian Mirrors, Sciolino takes us into the public and private spaces of Iran the bazaars, beauty salons, aerobics studios, courtrooms, universities, mosques, and the presidential palace to capture the vitality of a society so often misunderstood by Americans. She demystifies a country of endless complexity where, on the streets, women swathe themselves in black and, behind high walls, they adorn themselves with makeup and jewelry where the laws of Islam are the law of the land, and yet the government advertises as tourist attractions the ruins of the pre Islamic imperial capital at Persepolis and the synagogue where Queen Esther is said to be buried and where even the most austere clerics recite sensual romantic poetry, insisting that it refers to divine, and not earthly, love. Iran is also a place with a dark side, where unpredictable repression is carried out, officially and unofficially, by forces intent on maintaining power and influence. Sciolino deftly uses her travels throughout Iran and her encounters with its people to portray the country as an exciting, daring laboratory where experiments with two highly volatile chemicals Islam and democracy are being conducted. Like the mirror mosaics found in Iran's royal palaces and religious shrines, there is more to the whole of the country than the fragments revealed to outsiders. Persian Mirrors captures this elusive Iran. Sciolino paints in astonishing detail and rich color the surprising inner life of this country, where a great battle is raging, not for control over territory but for the soul of the nation."
"Plays Mrs Warren's Profession Man and Superman Major Barbara Pygmalion by George Bernard Shaw Sandie Byrne. George Bernard Shaw was an Irish writer who is considered to be one of the greatest playwrights of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Shaw's first major success was Arms and the Man, written in 1894, and he would go on to write other classics including Pygmalion, Major Barbara, and Mrs. Warren's Profession.Man and Superman is a play that centers around a young woman who is left in the care of two very different men. Man and Superman contains themes of Lord Byron's classic Don Juan."
Pygmalion My Fair Lady by George Bernard Shaw Alan Jay Lerner. No description available
Saint Joan Major Barbara Androcles and the Lion by George Bernard Shaw. No description available
"Pygmalion by George Bernard Shaw. Pygmalion is a play by George Bernard Shaw, named after a Greek mythological figure. It was first presented on stage to the public in 1913. In ancient Greek mythology, Pygmalion fell in love with one of his sculptures, which then came to life. The general idea of that myth was a popular subject for Victorian era English playwrights, including one of Shaw's influences, W. S. Gilbert, who wrote a successful play based on the story called Pygmalion and Galatea that was first presented in 1871. Shaw would also have been familiar with the burlesque version, Galatea, or Pygmalion Reversed. Shaw's play has been adapted numerous times, most notably as the musical My Fair Lady and its film version. Shaw mentioned that the character of Professor Henry Higgins was inspired by several British professors of phonetics Alexander Melville Bell, Alexander J. Ellis, Tito Pagliardini, but above all, the cantankerous Henry"
Plays Pleasant by George Bernard Shaw Dan H. Laurence W.J. McCormack. No description available
"The Metamorphosis by Peter Kuper Franz Kafka Kerstin Hasenpusch. When Gregor Samsa woke up one morning from unsettling dreams, he found himself changed in his bed into a monstrous vermin. With this startling, bizarre, yet surprisingly funny first sentence, Kafka begins his masterpiece, The Metamorphosis. It is the story of a young man who, transformed overnight into a giant beetlelike insect, becomes an object of disgrace to his family, an outsider in his own home, a quintessentially alienated man. A harrowing though absurdly comic meditation on human feelings of inadequacy, guilt, and isolation, The Metamorphosis has taken its place as one of the most widely read and influential works of twentieth century fiction. As W.H. Auden wrote, Kafka is important to us because his predicament is the predicament of modern man."
"The Metamorphosis Graphic Novel Adaptation by Peter Kuper Franz Kafka Kerstin Hasenpusch. A stunning graphic novel adaptation of Franz Kafka s famous story of a man who finds himself transformed into a monstrous cockroach. Darkly appropriate . . . Kuper s work rivals that of Art Spiegelman. Chicago Sun Times Acclaimed graphic artist Peter Kuper presents a brilliant, darkly comic reimagining of Kafka s classic tale of family, alienation, and a giant bug. Kuper s electric drawings which merge American cartooning with German expressionism bring Kafka s prose to vivid life, reviving the original story s humor and poignancy in a way that will surprise and delight readers of Kafka and graphic novels alike."
The Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka Stanley Corngold. No description available
The Metamorphosis and Other Stories by Franz Kafka Jason Baker Donna Freed. No description available
"The Metamorphosis and Other Stories by Franz Kafka Stanley Appelbaum. From one of the greatest writers of the twentieth century, the author of The Metamorphosis and The Trial A collection that brings together the stories he allowed to be published during his lifetime, including his best known tale of a man who wakes up transformed into an insect. To Max Brod, his literary executor, Kafka wrote Of all my writings the only books that can stand are these. Kafka s survey of the insectile situation of young Jews in inner Bohemia can hardly be improved upon With their posterior legs they were still glued to their father s Jewishness and with their wavering anterior legs they found no new ground. There is a sense in which Kafka s Jewish question What have I in common with Jews? has become everybody s question, Jewish alienation the template for all our doubts. What is Muslimness? What is femaleness? What is Polishness? These days we all find our anterior legs flailing before us. We re all insects, all Ungeziefer, now. Zadie Smith, bestselling author of White Teeth and On Beauty"
Antigone's Claim Kinship Between Life and Death by Judith Butler. No description available
"Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift Robert DeMaria Jr.. .0000000000Jonathan Swift's masterpiece is the finest satire in the English language. Lemuel Gulliver's adventures with the tiny inhabitants of Lilliput and the giants of Brobdingnag are familiar from modern abridged adaptations, but the scientists and philosophers of Laputa, the intelligent, horselike Houyhnhnms and the bestial Yahoos provide further opportunities for Swift to satirise society in a manner just as relevant today as it was in the eighteenth century.lllustrated by by Arthur Rackham, with an Afterword by Henry Hitchings."
Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift Claude Julien Rawson Ian Higgins. No description available
Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift David Case. No description available
"Gulliver's Travels by Gill Harvey Jonathan Swift. .0000000000Jonathan Swift's masterpiece is the finest satire in the English language. Lemuel Gulliver's adventures with the tiny inhabitants of Lilliput and the giants of Brobdingnag are familiar from modern abridged adaptations, but the scientists and philosophers of Laputa, the intelligent, horselike Houyhnhnms and the bestial Yahoos provide further opportunities for Swift to satirise society in a manner just as relevant today as it was in the eighteenth century.lllustrated by by Arthur Rackham, with an Afterword by Henry Hitchings."
"Gulliver's Travels by Martin Woodside Jamel Akib Arthur Pober Jonathan Swift. .0000000000Jonathan Swift's masterpiece is the finest satire in the English language. Lemuel Gulliver's adventures with the tiny inhabitants of Lilliput and the giants of Brobdingnag are familiar from modern abridged adaptations, but the scientists and philosophers of Laputa, the intelligent, horselike Houyhnhnms and the bestial Yahoos provide further opportunities for Swift to satirise society in a manner just as relevant today as it was in the eighteenth century.lllustrated by by Arthur Rackham, with an Afterword by Henry Hitchings."
"Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift Robert Hardy. .0000000000Jonathan Swift's masterpiece is the finest satire in the English language. Lemuel Gulliver's adventures with the tiny inhabitants of Lilliput and the giants of Brobdingnag are familiar from modern abridged adaptations, but the scientists and philosophers of Laputa, the intelligent, horselike Houyhnhnms and the bestial Yahoos provide further opportunities for Swift to satirise society in a manner just as relevant today as it was in the eighteenth century.lllustrated by by Arthur Rackham, with an Afterword by Henry Hitchings."
Ahab's Wife or The Star Gazer by Sena Jeter Naslund. No description available
"Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas by Hunter S. Thompson Ralph Steadman. 50th Anniversary Edition With an introduction by Caity Weaver, acclaimed New York Times journalist This cult classic of gonzo journalism is the best chronicle of drug soaked, addle brained, rollicking good times ever committed to the printed page. It is also the tale of a long weekend road trip that has gone down in the annals of American pop culture as one of the strangest journeys ever undertaken. Also a major motion picture directed by Terry Gilliam, starring Johnny Depp and Benicio del Toro."
Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72 by Hunter S. Thompson. A political journalist presents his frankly subjective observations on the personalities and political machinations of the 1972 presidential campaign.
Fear and Loathing in America The Brutal Odyssey of an Outlaw Journalist 1968 1976 by Hunter S. Thompson. No description available
"Cliffsnotes on Beckett's Waiting for Godot and Other Plays by James Lamar Roberts Jeffrey Fisher. This CliffsNotes guide includes everything you ve come to expect from the trusted experts at CliffsNotes, including analysis of the most widely read literary works."
The Joy Luck Club by Amy Tan. No description available
Dr. Seuss's ABC by Dr. Seuss. No description available
Dr. Seuss's Sleep Book by Dr. Seuss. No description available
"Happy Birthday to You! by Dr. Seuss. A magical sing along birthday adventure for little pirates everywhere, based on the lyrics of the Happy Birthday song! 'Happy birthday to you!Happy birthday to you!Happy birthday, dear pirate.May your wishes come true...'Climb aboard the birthday pirate ship for a magical treasure hunt with your trusty crew and a very rude parrot! Based on the lyrics of the Happy Birthday song, this swashbuckling adventure is the perfect treat for any little pirate on their special day."
"McElligot's Pool by Dr. Seuss. Imagination runs wild in this Caldecott Honor winning tale featuring Dr. Seuss s inimitable voice and hysterical illustrations. The first Seuss title to feature full color art on every other page, this adventurous picture book tells of Marco who first imagined an extraordinary parade in And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street as he daydreams of all the possibilities that await him while he fishes in McElligot s Pool. Optimistic and exciting, this tale is the perfect bait, and readers young and old will be hooked on this fish tastic favorite. This Read Listen edition contains audio narration."
"The Cat in the Hat by Dr. Seuss. The classic picture book that introduced the world to the iconic, mischievous Cat in the Hat and the beloved characters Thing One and Thing Two! Dr. Seuss makes reading fun for kids of all ages. I know some new tricks, said the Cat in the Hat. A lot of good tricks. I will show them to you. Your mother will not mind at all if I do. A rainy day turns into a wild romp when the Cat in the Hat and his troublemaking friends, Thing One and Thing Two, unexpectedly appear! A favorite among kids, parents, and teachers, this story uses simple words and basic rhyme to encourage and delight beginning readers. Beginner Books are fun, funny, and easy to read! Launched by Dr. Seuss in 1957 with the publication of The Cat in the Hat, this beloved early reader series motivates children to read on their own by using simple words with illustrations that give clues to their meaning. Featuring a combination of kid appeal, supportive vocabulary, and bright, cheerful art, Beginner Books will encourage a love of reading in children ages 3 7."
Horton Hears a Who! by Dr. Seuss. No description available
The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins by Dr. Seuss. No description available
Oh Say Can You Say? by Dr. Seuss. No description available
"The Lorax by Dr. Seuss. Celebrate Earth Day with Dr. Seuss and the Lorax in this classic picture book about protecting the environment! I am the Lorax. I speak for the trees. Dr. Seuss s beloved story teaches kids to speak up and stand up for those who can t. With a recycling friendly Go Green message, The Lorax allows young readers to experience the beauty of the Truffula Trees and the danger of taking our earth for granted, all in a story that is timely, playful and hopeful. The book s final pages teach us that just one small seed, or one small child, can make a difference. This book is the perfect gift for Earth Day and for any child or child at heart who is interested in recycling, advocacy and the environment, or just loves nature and playing outside. Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It s not."
I Can Read With My Eyes Shut! by Dr. Seuss. No description available
"Horton escucha a qui n! by Dr. Seuss Yanitzia Canetti. Edici n en espa ol y rimada del cl sico de Dr. Seuss acerca de la bondad! Horton el elefante, uno de los personajes m s heroicos de la literatura infantil, nos ense a en esta intemporal, conmovedora y c mica historia que una persona es una persona, por muy peque a que sea . Contada con el estilo de Dr. Seuss, y con sus caracter sticos dibujos, esta edici n en espa ol ser del agrado de lectores y oyentes por igual. Las ediciones rimadas, en espa ol, de los cl sicos de Dr. Seuss, publicadas por Random House, brindan la maravillosa oportunidad de disfrutar de sus historias a m s de treinta y ocho millones de personas hispanohablantes en Estados Unidos. A rhymed Spanish translation of Dr. Seuss's classic picture book about kindness! Horton the elephant one of the most heroic characters in children's literature shows us that a person's a person, no matter how small in this timeless, moving, and comic classic. Told with Dr. Seuss's signature rhymes and trademark illustrations, this Spanish edition of the beloved tale that will be enjoyed over and over, by reader and listener alike. Random House's rhymed, Spanish language editions of classic Dr. Seuss books make the joyful experience of reading Dr. Seuss books available for the more than 38 million people in the United States who speak Spanish."
The Cat in the Hat and Other Dr. Seuss Favorites by Dr. Seuss Various. No description available
"Daisy Head Mayzie by Dr. Seuss. Daisy goes back to her roots! Think you know Daisy Head Mayzie? Think again! With all new illustrations and a revised plot based on Dr. Seuss s original screenplay and signature style sketches, the timeless tale of Mayzie McGrew a girl who suddenly sprouts a daisy from her head is sweeter, funnier, and . . . well . . . more Seussian than ever! Some things, however, remain the same In the same zany way that the Cat wreaks havoc in The Cat in the Hat, the darling blossom that springs from Mayzie s head sets off a series of madcap reactions that will leave young readers and their lucky parents giggling with glee. An ideal comic choice for celebrating those qualities that make each of us unique, this brand new edition of Daisy Head Mayzie is perfect just the way it is!"
"Dr. Seuss Goes to War The World War II Editorial Cartoons of Theodor Seuss Geisel by Richard H. Minear Art Spiegelman Dr. Seuss. For decades, readers throughout the world have enjoyed the marvelous stories and illustrations of Theodor Seuss Geisel, better known as Dr. Seuss. But few know the work Geisel did as a political cartoonist during World War II, for the New York daily newspaper PM. In these extraordinarily trenchant cartoons, Geisel presents a provocative history of wartime politics Entertainment Weekly . Dr. Seuss Goes to War features handsome, large format reproductions of more than two hundred of Geisel s cartoons, alongside insightful Booklist commentary by the historian Richard H. Minear that places them in the context of the national climate they reflect. Pulitzer Prize winner Art Spiegelman s introduction places Seuss firmly in the pantheon of the leading political cartoonists of our time."
"Dr. Seuss's ABC Book CD by Dr. Seuss. Nobody teaches kids the alphabet like the author of The Cat in the Hat, Green Eggs and Ham, and Hop on Pop! This board book edition features abridged text for the littlest reader. Letters come alive on the page, as Dr. Seuss fills the alphabet with his classic colorful characters from Aunt Annie s alligator to the Zizzer Zazzer Zuzz, with a lion licking a lollipop and an ostrich oiling an orange owl. Starting with the most basic building blocks of language, Dr. Seuss makes reading FUN! BIG A, little a, what begins with A? Big Bright and Early Board Books are super sturdy, simplified board book editions of classic Bright and Early and Beginner Books, available in a bigger size for smaller hands!"
"Cattus Petasatus The Cat in the Hat in Latin by Dr. Seuss Jennifer Morrish Tunberg Terence Tunberg Terence O. Tunberg Guenevera Tunberg Terentio Tunberg. Two children sitting at home on a rainy day are visited by the Cat in the Hat, who shows them some tricks and games. Includes a Latin English glossary and a note on the verse form and rhythm."
Ten Apples Up On Top! by Theo LeSieg Dr. Seuss Roy McKie. No description available
The Legacy of Luna The Story of a Tree a Woman and the Struggle to Save the Redwoods by Julia Butterfly Hill. No description available
"Pale Fire by Vladimir Nabokov. A darkly comic novel of suspense, literary idolatry and one upmanship, and political intrigue from one of the leading writers of the twentieth century, the acclaimed author of Lolita. Half poem, half prose...a creation of perfect beauty, symmetry, strangeness, originality and moral truth. One of the great works of art of this century. Mary McCarthy, New York Times bestselling author of The Group An ingeniously constructed parody of detective fiction and learned commentary, Pale Fire offers a cornucopia of deceptive pleasures, at the center of which is a 999 line poem written by the literary genius John Shade just before his death. Surrounding the poem is a foreword and commentary by the demented scholar Charles Kinbote, who interweaves adoring literary analysis with the fantastical tale of an assassin from the land of Zembla in pursuit of a deposed king. Brilliantly constructed and wildly inventive, Vladimir Nabokov's witty novel achieves that rarest of things in literature perfect tragicomic balance."
"Nabokov's Pale Fire The Magic of Artistic Discovery by Brian Boyd. Pale Fire is regarded by many as Vladimir Nabokov's masterpiece. The novel has been hailed as one of the most striking early examples of postmodernism and has become a famous test case for theories about reading because of the apparent impossibility of deciding between several radically different interpretations. Does the book have two narrators, as it first appears, or one? How much is fantasy and how much is reality? Whose fantasy and whose reality are they? Brian Boyd, Nabokov's biographer and hitherto the foremost proponent of the idea that Pale Fire has one narrator, John Shade, now rejects this position and presents a new and startlingly different solution that will permanently shift the nature of critical debate on the novel. Boyd argues that the book does indeed have two narrators, Shade and Charles Kinbote, but reveals that Kinbote had some strange and highly surprising help in writing his sections. In light of this interpretation, Pale Fire now looks distinctly less postmodern and more interesting than ever. In presenting his arguments, Boyd shows how Nabokov designed Pale Fire for readers to make surprising discoveries on a first reading and even more surprising discoveries on subsequent readings by following carefully prepared clues within the novel. Boyd leads the reader step by step through the book, gradually revealing the profound relationship between Nabokov's ethics, aesthetics, epistemology, and metaphysics. If Nabokov has generously planned the novel to be accessible on a first reading and yet to incorporate successive vistas of surprise, Boyd argues, it is because he thinks a deep generosity lies behind the inexhaustibility, complexity, and mystery of the world. Boyd also shows how Nabokov's interest in discovery springs in part from his work as a scientist and scholar, and draws comparisons between the processes of readerly and scientific discovery. This is a profound, provocative, and compelling reinterpretation of one of the greatest novels of the twentieth century."
Novels 1955 1962 Lolita Pnin Pale Fire Lolita A Screenplay by Vladimir Nabokov Brian Boyd. No description available
A Friend of the Earth by T. Coraghessan Boyle. No description available
"Seduction and Betrayal Women and Literature by Elizabeth Hardwick Joan Didion. A vivid and provocative literary criticism of famous women writers from Virginia Woolf to Zelda Fitzgerald by a gifted miniaturist biographer Joyce Carol Oates The novelist and essayist Elizabeth Hardwick is one of contemporary America s most brilliant writers, and Seduction and Betrayal, in which she considers the careers of women writers as well as the larger question of the presence of women in literature, is her most passionate and concentrated work of criticism. A gallery of unforgettable portraits of Virginia Woolf and Zelda Fitzgerald, Dorothy Wordsworth and Jane Carlyle as well as a provocative reading of such works as Wuthering Heights, Hedda Gabler, and the poems of Sylvia Plath, Seduction and Betrayal is a virtuoso performance, a major writer s reckoning with the relations between men and women, women and writing, writing and life."
After Henry by Joan Didion. No description available
O Ano do Pensamento M gico by Joan Didion. No description available
"Another Day in Paradise The Fourth Sherman's Lagoon Collection by Jim Toomey. Another Day In Paradise marks the latest collection of the popular strip, which takes a satirical, sea floor look at modern culture through the eyes of Sherman, his sidekick sea turtle Fillmore, and schools of other coral reef critters."
Another Day in Cubicle Paradise by Scott Adams. No description available
Moby Dick by Herman Melville. No description available
"Moby Dick by Herman Melville Nathaniel Philbrick. Moby Dick or, The Whale Herman Melville Moby Dick or, The Whale is a novel by American writer Herman Melville, published in 1851 during the period of the American Renaissance. Sailor Ishmael tells the story of the obsessive quest of Ahab, captain of the whaler Pequod, for revenge on Moby Dick, the white whale that on the previous whaling voyage bit off Ahab's leg at the knee. The writing career of Herman Melville 1819 1891 peaked early, with his early novels, such as Typee becoming best sellers. By the mid 1850s his poularity declined sharply, and by the time he died he had been largely forgotten. Yet in time his novel Moby Dick came to be regarded as one of the finest works of American, and indeed world, literature, as was Billy Budd, which was not published until long after his death, in 1924."
Moby Dick or The Whale by Herman Melville Rockwell Kent Elizabeth Hardwick. No description available
Moby Dick or The Whale by Herman Melville Harrison Hayford Hershel Parker. No description available
The Girl in the Flammable Skirt by Aimee Bender. No description available
"Planet of Slums by Mike Davis. Celebrated urban theorist lifts the lid on the effects of a global explosion of disenfranchised slum dwellers. According to the United Nations, more than one billion people now live in the slums of the cities of the South. In this brilliant and ambitious book, Mike Davis explores the future of a radically unequal and explosively unstable urban world. From the sprawling barricadas of Lima to the garbage hills of Manila, urbanization has been disconnected from industrialization, even economic growth. Davis portrays a vast humanity warehoused in shantytowns and exiled from the formal world economy. He argues that the rise of this informal urban proletariat is a wholly original development unforeseen by either classical Marxism or neoliberal theory. Are the great slums, as a terrified Victorian middle class once imagined, volcanoes waiting to erupt? Davis provides the first global overview of the diverse religious, ethnic, and political movements competing for the souls of the new urban poor. He surveys Hindu fundamentalism in Bombay, the Islamist resistance in Casablanca and Cairo, street gangs in Cape Town and San Salvador, Pentecostalism in Kinshasa and Rio de Janeiro, and revolutionary populism in Caracas and La Paz.Planet of Slums ends with a provocative meditation on the war on terrorism as an incipient world war between the American empire and the slum poor."
"Late Victorian Holocausts El Ni o Famines and the Making of the Third World by Mike Davis. Examining a series of El Nino induced droughts and the famines that they spawned around the globe, Davis shows how the ruling elites helped produce some of the worst tragedies in human history. 15 photos. 8 maps."
No One Is Illegal Fighting Racism and State Violence on the U.S. Mexico Border by Justin Akers Chac n Mike Davis. No description available
Days Between Stations by Steve Erickson. No description available
"The Bourne Identity Jason Bourne 1 by Robert Ludlum. 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER NOW A MAJOR MOTION PICTURE His memory is a blank. His bullet ridden body was fished from the Mediterranean Sea. His face has been altered by plastic surgery. A frame of microfilm has been surgically implanted in his hip. Even his name is a mystery. Marked for death, he is racing for survival through a bizarre world of murderous conspirators led by Carlos, the world s most dangerous assassin. Who is Jason Bourne? The answer may kill him. Robert Ludlum stuffs more surprises into his novels than any other six pack of thriller writers combined. The New York Times"
Little Plum by Rumer Godden Jean Primrose. No description available
"Betsy's Wedding Betsy Tacy 10 by Maud Hart Lovelace Vera Neville. Betsy and the Great World Betsy Ray is twenty one and on the adventure of a lifetime a solo tour of Europe! There's even a handsome Italian, Marco, who's going overboard for her if only she could stop thinking about her ex sweetheart Joe Willard. Betsy's Wedding When Betsy's boat docks in New York, Joe is waiting there . . . with a ring! But she's going to learn that marriage isn't all candlelight, roses, and kisses. There's also cooking, ironing, cleaning, and budgeting and will she be able to find time to forge a writing career?"
"Betsy and the Great World Betsy Tacy 9 by Maud Hart Lovelace Vera Neville. Betsy and the Great World Betsy Ray is twenty one and on the adventure of a lifetime a solo tour of Europe! There's even a handsome Italian, Marco, who's going overboard for her if only she could stop thinking about her ex sweetheart Joe Willard. Betsy's Wedding When Betsy's boat docks in New York, Joe is waiting there . . . with a ring! But she's going to learn that marriage isn't all candlelight, roses, and kisses. There's also cooking, ironing, cleaning, and budgeting and will she be able to find time to forge a writing career?"
"Betsy and Tacy Go Over the Big Hill Betsy Tacy 3 by Maud Hart Lovelace Lois Lenski. The first four books in the beloved Betsy Tacy series are ready to delight a new generation ofreaders and to bring a grownup generation of readers back to the engrossingstories of their youth. Following the childhoods of Betsy Ray and her friendsin the late 1800s and early 1900s, this handsome anthology collects theoriginal Betsy Tacy as well as Betsy, Tacy and Tib, Betsy and Tacy Go Over the Big Hill, and Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown. Forewords by Judy Blume,Esther Hautzig, and Johanna Hurwitz, andillustrations by Lois Lenski, will make readers ofall ages feel at home in the imaginative life of young Betsy Ray as she awakensto the challenges and triumphs of her home in quaint Mankato, Minnesota."
Maud Hart Lovelace's Deep Valley A Guidebook of Mankato Places in the Betsy Tacy Series by Julie A. Schrader. No description available
Early Candlelight by Maud Hart Lovelace Rhoda R. Gilman. No description available
Betsy and Joe Betsy Tacy 8 by Maud Hart Lovelace Vera Neville. No description available
Betsy Was a Junior Betsy Tacy 7 by Maud Hart Lovelace Vera Neville. No description available
"Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown Betsy Tacy 4 by Maud Hart Lovelace Lois Lenski. The first four books in the beloved Betsy Tacy series are ready to delight a new generation ofreaders and to bring a grownup generation of readers back to the engrossingstories of their youth. Following the childhoods of Betsy Ray and her friendsin the late 1800s and early 1900s, this handsome anthology collects theoriginal Betsy Tacy as well as Betsy, Tacy and Tib, Betsy and Tacy Go Over the Big Hill, and Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown. Forewords by Judy Blume,Esther Hautzig, and Johanna Hurwitz, andillustrations by Lois Lenski, will make readers ofall ages feel at home in the imaginative life of young Betsy Ray as she awakensto the challenges and triumphs of her home in quaint Mankato, Minnesota."
"Emily of Deep Valley Deep Valley 2 by Maud Hart Lovelace Vera Neville. Welcome back to Deep Valley! Emily Webster, an orphan living with her grandfather, is not like the other girls her age in Deep Valley, Minnesota. The gulf between Emily and her classmates widens even more when they graduate from Deep Valley High School in 1912. Emily longs to go off to college with everyone else, but she can't leave her grandfather. Emily resigns herself to facing a lost winter, but soon decides to stop feeling sorry for herself. And with a new program of study, a growing interest in the Syrian community, and handsome new teacher at the high school to fill her days, Emily gains more than she ever dreamed... In addition to her beloved Betsy Tacy books, Maud Hart Lovelace wrote three more stories set in the fictional town of Deep Valley Winona's Pony Cart, Carney's House Party, and Emily of Deep Valley. Longtime fans and new readers alike will be delighted to find the Deep Valley books available again for the first time in many years. Copyright Libri GmbH. All rights reserved."
"Betsy Tacy Betsy Tacy 1 by Maud Hart Lovelace Lois Lenski. Best Friends Forever There are lots of children on Hill Street, but no little girls Betsy's age. So when a new family moves into the house across the street, Betsy hopes they will have a little girl she can play with. Sure enough, they do a little girl named Tacy. And from the moment they meet at Betsy's fifth birthday party, Betsy and Tacy becoms such good friends that everyone starts to think of them as one person Betsy Tacy. Betsy and Tacy have lots of fun together. They make a playhouse from a piano box, have a sand store, and dress up and go calling. And one day, they come home to a wonderful surprise a new friend named Tib. Ever since their first publication in the 1940's, the Betsy Tacy stories have been loved by each generation of young readers."
Five Little Peppers and How They Grew Five Little Peppers 1 by Margaret Sidney. No description available
Five Little Peppers at School by Margaret Sidney Barbara Cooney. No description available
"All of a Kind Family Uptown All of a Kind Family 4 by Sydney Taylor. Meet the All of a Kind Family Ella, Henny, Sarah, Charlotte, and Gertie who live with their parents in New York City at the turn of the century. Together they share adventures that find them searching for hidden buttons while dusting Mama's front parlor and visiting with the peddlers in Papa's shop on rainy days. The girls enjoy doing everything together, especially when it involves holidays and surprises. But no one could have prepared them for the biggest surprise of all!"
"All of a Kind Family All of a Kind Family 1 by Sydney Taylor. Meet the All of a Kind Family Ella, Henny, Sarah, Charlotte, and Gertie who live with their parents in New York City at the turn of the century. Together they share adventures that find them searching for hidden buttons while dusting Mama's front parlor and visiting with the peddlers in Papa's shop on rainy days. The girls enjoy doing everything together, especially when it involves holidays and surprises. But no one could have prepared them for the biggest surprise of all!"
"Winter Cottage by Carol Ryrie Brink. During the Great Depression, the struggling Sparkes family's car breaks down on a remote road in northern Wisconsin. They spy an empty summer cabin and decide to stay for the winter, making for a heartwarming tale of love and companionship."
Eddie's Valuable Property by Carolyn Haywood. No description available
"Empire Empire 1 by Orson Scott Card. Imperialism as we knew it may be no more, but Empire is alive and well. It is, as Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri demonstrate in this bold work, the new political order of globalization. Their book shows how this emerging Empire is fundamentally different from the imperialism of European dominance and capitalist expansion in previous eras. Rather, today's Empire draws on elements of U.S. constitutionalism, with its tradition of hybrid identities and expanding frontiers. More than analysis, Empire is also an unabashedly utopian work of political philosophy."
Treason by Orson Scott Card. No description available
"First Meetings in Ender's Universe Ender's Saga 0.5 by Orson Scott Card. Welcome to the Enderverse. When Ender's Game was first published as a novella twenty five years ago few would have predicted that it would become one of the most successful ventures in publishing history. Expanded into a novel in 1985, Ender's Game won both the Hugo Award and the Nebula Award for Best Novel. Never out of print and translated into dozens of languages, it is the rare work of fiction that can truly be said to have transcended a genre. Ender's Game and its sequels have won dozens of prestigious awards and are as popular today among teens and young readers as adults. First Meetings is a collection of three novellas plus the original Ender's Game that journey into the origins and the destiny of one Ender Wiggin. The Polish Boy begins in the wake between the first two Bugger Wars when the Hegemony is desperate to recruit brilliant military commanders to repel the alien invasion. In John Paul Wiggin the future father of Ender they believe they may have found their man. Or boy. In Teacher's Pest a novella written especially for this collection a brilliant but insufferably arrogant John Paul Wiggin, now an American university student, matches wits with an equally brilliant graduate student named Theresa Brown. It is many years since the end of the Bugger Wars in The Investment Counselor. Ender's reputation as a hero and savior has suffered a horrible reversal. Banished from Earth and slandered as a mass murderer, twenty year old Andrew Wiggin wanders incognito from planet to planet as a fugitive. Until a blackmailing tax inspector compromises his identity and threatens to expose Ender the Xenocide. Also reprinted here is the original landmark novella, Ender's Game, which first appeared in 1977. Fully illustrated, First Meetings is Orson Scott Card writing at the height of his considerable power about his most compelling character. THE ENDER UNIVERSE Ender series Ender s Game Speaker for the Dead Xenocide Children of the Mind Ender in Exile Children of the Fleet Ender s Shadow series Ender s Shadow Shadow of the Hegemon Shadow Puppets Shadow of the Giant Shadows in Flight The First Formic War with Aaron Johnston Earth Unaware Earth Afire Earth Awakens The Second Formic War with Aaron Johnston The Swarm The Hive Ender novellas A War of Gifts First Meetings At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
"Sarah Women of Genesis 1 by Orson Scott Card. The women of Genesis 12 50 function as much more than ancillary characters to men. Through close attention to the literary features of the text, Jeansonne depicts Sarah, the daughters of Lot, Hagar, Rebekah, Rachel and Leah, Dinah, Tamar, and Potiphar's wife as integral persons who shaped Israel's destiny, revealed perspectives on God's involvement in the course of history, and portrayed human failure, freedom, and strength."
"Rachel Leah Women of Genesis 3 by Orson Scott Card. 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER From the author of the multimillion copy bestselling A Good Girl s Guide to Murder series and Five Survive comes a gripping mystery thriller following one teen s search for the truth about her mother s shocking disappearance and even more shocking reappearance during the filming of a true crime documentary. Lights. Camera. Lies. Eighteen year old Bel has lived her whole life in the shadow of her mom s mysterious disappearance. Sixteen years ago, Rachel Price vanished and young Bel was the only witness, but she has no memory of it. Rachel is gone, long presumed dead, and Bel wishes everyone would just move on. But the case is dredged up from the past when the Price family agrees to a true crime documentary. Bel can t wait for filming to end, for life to go back to normal. And then the impossible happens. Rachel Price reappears, and life will never be normal again. Rachel has an unbelievable story about what happened to her. Unbelievable, because Bel isn t sure it s real. If Rachel is lying, then where has she been all this time? And could she be dangerous? With the cameras still rolling, Bel must uncover the truth about her mother, and find out why Rachel Price really came back from the dead . . . From world renowned author Holly Jackson comes a mind blowing masterpiece about one girl s search for the truth, and the terror in finding out who your family really is."
How to Write Science Fiction and Fantasy by Orson Scott Card. No description available
Saints by Orson Scott Card. The Encyclopedia of Saints offers thorough and fascinating accounts of familiar and little known holy men and women of the Catholic and Orthodox churches. Drawing from documented accounts and supplemented with additional extensive research
"Homebody by Orson Scott Card. This essay sheds light on what is a homebody, explicates how people become homebodies, elucidates why certain people become homebodies, and expounds upon how the economy is affected by certain people being homebodies. Succinctly stated, a homebody is a term that refers to a person who prefers to expend the vast majority of his time at his abode. A homebody is at a high probability to be domiciled at his abode for the vast majority of his time. Furthermore, a homebody is also at a high probability to forgo becoming traveler and living a transient life. A homebody is capable of completing the vast majority of his tasks remotely without exiting his abode to do so. A homebody is able to shop for products remotely, is able to procure services remotely, is able to work real private sector jobs based on voluntary demand remotely, is able to confabulate with friends remotely, is able to partake in salubrious hobbies remotely, and is able to be pursuant of following health optimization measures at his abode. A homebody is often keen on adorning his abode to be tailored to his decorating preferences. If an abode is meticulously tailored to a homebody s decorating preferences and if he derives euphoria from taking a gander at the items on display in his home environment that he is fond of, then it can help him to alleviate stress if doing so can divert his attention away from dwelling on stressors. From the perspective of a homebody, it can be deduced that a real estate property is perceived be far more than just a locale for a homebody to dwell in. As of October of 2024, even though it is estimated that there are about 36,677,592,320 acres of land on planet Earth, a single real estate property is the primary environment of a homebody. A homebody engages in activities, such as leisure activities and career oriented activities, at his abode since it can be far more convenient for him to do so at his abode than for him to do so at public locales. A homebody engages in activities at his abode also because it can be significantly less noisy to do so at his abode than to do so in public locales that have ambient noise. A homebody prefers to circumvent venturing into public locales. Furthermore, a homebody also prefers to circumvent being impeded by traffic. Moreover, a homebody also prefers to circumvent waiting in long lines. A homebody also prefers to circumvent frequenting depressing environments. A homebody is often eminently content with expending the vast majority of his time at his abode in lieu of disparate locales that are outside the vicinity of his home environment. Most homebodies also prefer to circumvent being exposed to second hand smoke, lethal household cleaning products, and other noxious substances which can severely undermine a person s immune system health. When homebodies venture into public locales, then they are all the more vulnerable to being exposed to second hand smoke and other noxious substances which can severely undermine a person s immune system health. A homebody is often recalcitrant about leaving his abode for a prolonged period of time. If a homebody were to leave his abode for a prolonged period of time, then he would be unable to access the amenities that are at his abode. Furthermore, if a homebody were to leave his abode for a prolonged period of time, then he would also need to cope with the ample inconveniences that are associated with the process of attempting to complete tasks outside of the vicinity of his home environment. Attempting to complete tasks outside of the vicinity of his home environment can significantly prolonged the time that it takes a homebody to complete tasks. Attempting to complete tasks outside of the vicinity of his home environment can also render it more cumbersome for a homebody to attempt to complete tasks. Attempting to complete tasks outside of the vicinity of his home environment can also bear ample costs, such as fuel costs, oil costs, tire rotation costs, and vehicle repair costs, if a homebody were to profusely utilize his vehicle to drive to distant locales where he can attempt to complete tasks outside of the vicinity of his home environment. A homebody has a proclivity to expend the vast majority of his time at his abode since he is deterred to leave his abode for a prolonged period of time. A homebody is deterred to leave his abode for a prolonged period of time."
"Rebekah Women of Genesis 2 by Orson Scott Card. From bestselling author Orson Scott Card comes another riveting novel exploring the relationships, the settings, and the stories of the Old Testament. In this volume, Rebekah leaves her father's house to marry Isaac, the studious young son of the storied Sarah and Abraham, only to find herself caught up in a series of painful rivalries, first between her husband and his brother, Ishmael, and later between her sons, Jacob and Esau. Through it all she finds her own relationship with God and does her best to serve His cause in the lives of those she loves."
"Speaker for the Dead Ender's Saga 2 by Orson Scott Card. Three thousand planet bound years have passed while Ender the star traveller remains young. In that time his name has become anathema, for he is the one who killed an entire race of thinking, feeling beings. No other has been found until Lusitania is discovered. The young race there offers mankind a chance to redeem the previous destruction."
"Red Prophet Tales of Alvin Maker 2 by Orson Scott Card. Come here to Orson Scott Card's magical America that might have been, and marvel as the tale of Alvin Maker unfolds. The seventh son of a seventh son is a boy of mysterious powers, and he is waking to the mysteries of the land and its own chosen people. The Tales of Alvin Maker series Seventh Son Red Prophet Prentice Alvin Alvin Journeyman Heartfire The Crystal City At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
"The Call of Earth Homecoming 2 by Orson Scott Card. As Harmony's Oversoul grows weaker, a great warrior has arisen to challenge its bans. His name is Moozh, and he has won control of an army using forbidden technology. Now he is aiming his soldiers at the city of Basilica, that strong fortress above the Plain. Basilica remains in turmoil. Wetchik and his sons are not strong enough to stop a army. Can Rasa and her allies defeat him through intrigue, or will Moozh take the city and all who are in it? Orson Scott Card's Homecoming series The Memory of Earth The Call of Earth The Ships of Earth Earthfall Earthborn At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
"Shadow of the Hegemon Shadow 2 by Orson Scott Card David Birney Scott Brick Gabrielle de Cuir Scott Sowers. The War is over, won by Ender Wiggin and his team of brilliant child warriors. The enemy is destroyed, the human race is saved. Ender himself refuses to return to the planet, but his crew has gone home to their families, scattered across the globe. The battle school is no more. But with the external threat gone, the Earth has become a battlefield once more. The children of the Battle School are more than heroes they are potential weapons that can bring power to the countries that control them. One by one, all of Ender's Dragon Army are kidnapped. Only Bean escapes and he turns for help to Ender's brother Peter. Peter Wiggin, Ender's older brother, has already been manipulating the politics of Earth from behind the scenes. With Bean's help, he will eventually rule the world. Shadow of the Hegemon is the second novel in Orson Scott Card's Shadow Series. THE ENDER UNIVERSE Ender series Ender s Game Ender in Exile Speaker for the Dead Xenocide Children of the Mind Ender s Shadow series Ender s Shadow Shadow of the Hegemon Shadow Puppets Shadow of the Giant Shadows in Flight Children of the Fleet The First Formic War with Aaron Johnston Earth Unaware Earth Afire Earth Awakens The Second Formic War with Aaron Johnston The Swarm The Hive Ender novellas A War of Gifts First Meetings At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
"Enchantment by Orson Scott Card. Winner of the National Book Award and National Book Critics Circle Award A charming book about enchantment, a profound book about fairy tales. John Updike, The New York Times Book Review Bruno Bettelheim was one of the great child psychologists of the twentieth century and perhaps none of his books has been more influential than this revelatory study of fairy tales and their universal importance in understanding childhood development. Analyzing a wide range of traditional stories, from the tales of Sindbad to The Three Little Pigs, Hansel and Gretel, and The Sleeping Beauty, Bettelheim shows how the fantastical, sometimes cruel, but always deeply significant narrative strands of the classic fairy tales can aid in our greatest human task, that of finding meaning for one s life."
Voyage of Slaves Flying Dutchman 3 by Brian Jacques David Elliot. No description available
"High Rhulain Redwall 18 by Brian Jacques David Elliot. THE NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER A thrilling Redwall adventure from beloved author Brian Jacques. Tiria Wildlough, a young ottermaid touched by the paw of destiny, embarks on a journey to the mysterious Green Isle, where she joins a band of outlaw otters to rid the land of the villainous Wildcat chieftain Riggu Fellis and his catguard slave masters"
"Salamandastron Redwall 5 by Brian Jacques Gary Chalk. Urthstripe the Strong, a wise old badger, leads the animals of the great fortress ofSalamandastron and Redwall Abbey against the weasel Ferahgo the Assassin and his corps ofvermin."
"The Legend of Luke Redwall 12 by Brian Jacques. The twelfth book in the beloved, bestselling Redwall saga soon to be a major Netflix movie! Martin the Warrior leaves Redwall Abbey on a journey to discover the truth about Luke, the father he barely knew. His voyage takes him home to the northland shore where, from a dusty old book, he learns of Luke's dramatic pursuit of the evil pirate stoat, Vilu Daskar."
"Redwall Redwall 1 by Brian Jacques. The book that inspired a legend the first novel in the bestselling saga of Redwall. Welcome to Mossflower Wood, where the gentle mice have gathered to celebrate a year of peace and abundance. All is well until a sinister shadow falls across the ancient stone abbey of Redwall. It is rumored that Cluny is coming Cluny, the terrible one eyed rat and his savage horde Cluny, who has vowed to conquer Redwall Abbey! The only hope for the besieged mice lies in the lost sword of the legendary Martin the Warrior. And so begins the epic quest of a bumbling young apprentice a courageous mouse who would rise up, fight back and become a legend himself. The medieval world of Redwall Abbey where gallant mouse warriors triumph over evil invaders has truly become the stuff of legend. Seattle Post Intelligencer"
"Castaways of the Flying Dutchman Flying Dutchman 1 by Brian Jacques Ian Schoenherr. Well known for his Redwall books, Jacques here turns his attention to the human world, and his fans will not be disappointed. Publishers Weekly A boy and dog trapped aboard the legendary ship, the Flying Dutchman, are sent off on an eternal journey by an avenging angel, roaming the earth throughout the centuries in search of those in need. Their travels lead them to Chapelvale, a sleepy nineteenth century village whose very existence is at stake. Only by discovering the buried secrets and solving the dust laden riddles of the ancient village can it be saved. This will take the will and wile of all the people and a very special boy and dog! In Castaways of the Flying Dutchman, Brian Jacques takes a bold and brilliant creative step....It's exciting to see a front rank author rise to a new challenge and his readers are the fortunate beneficiaries. Lloyd Alexander"
"Outcast of Redwall Redwall 8 by Brian Jacques. When ferret Swartt Sixclaw and his arch enemy Sunflash the Mace swear a pledge of death upon each other, a young creature is cruelly banished from the safety of Redwall. As he grows, he seeks revenge on the people of Redwall and finds himself embroiled in a hostile battle with far reaching consequences."
"Triss Redwall 15 by Brian Jacques Allan Curless. New York Times bestselling author Brian Jacques gives us another tales of Redwall, filled with The Knights of the Round Table with paws The Sunday Times along with their friends and enemies. Brave squirrelmaid Triss plans a daring escape from the enslavement of the evil ferret King Agarnu and his daughter Princess Kurda"
A Redwall Winter's Tale by Brian Jacques Christopher Denise. No description available
"Mr. Impossible by Roger Hargreaves. The bestselling children's books series for over 50 years! Mr Impossible could do the most amazing things. For instance, Mr Impossible could jump over a house and he could make himself invisible. He can even sleep standing on his head. The Mr Men and Little Miss have been delighting children for generations with their charming and funny antics. Bold illustrations and funny stories make Mr Men and Little Miss the perfect story time experience for children aged two up. Have you met them all?"
Mr. Christmas by Roger Hargreaves Adam Hargreaves. No description available
Mr. Bump by Roger Hargreaves. No description available
"Little Miss Birthday by Roger Hargreaves Adam Hargreaves. Little Miss Birthday loves giving birthday presents. She prides herself on always picking the perfect present. But this time, it looks like one of the Mr. Men may just stump her!"
Little Miss Lucky by Roger Hargreaves. No description available
"Mr. Happy by Roger Hargreaves. They're back! Rediscover the zaniest characters you've ever met in this best selling series which has sold millions worldwide. Bright and charming, with easily recognizable characters and a small take along format, Mr. Men and Little Miss books are easy enough for young readers, witty enough for humor prone adults, and highly collectible for one and all. Also check your local listings to view the Mr. Men Little Miss TV show. Back to the Mr. Men Little Miss microsite."
Mr. Jelly and the Pirates by Roger Hargreaves Adam Hargreaves. No description available
Grandma Baa Easy Peasy People by Roger Hargreaves Gray Jolliffe. No description available
"Bill Buzz by Roger Hargreaves Gray Jolliffe. Lt. Col. Robert Buzz Patterson exposes the terrifying, behind the scenes story of the years when the most irresponsible President in our history had his finger on the nuclear trigger. Dereliction of Duty is the inside story of the damage Bill Clinton did to the U.S. military and how he compromised our national security. From his laughable salutes, to his arrogant, anti military staffers, the message came through loud and clear the Clinton Administration had nothing but contempt for America s men and women in uniform. For two years, Patterson was the White House military aide who carried the nuclear football, which provides the President with remote nuclear strike capabilities. What he witnessed is shocking. Dereliction of Duty is the book every American concerned about our national security has been waiting for written by a military man who was an eyewitness inside the Clinton White House, and who can no longer in good conscience keep silent."
Gary Grizzle by Roger Hargreaves Gray Jolliffe. No description available
Charlie Oink by Roger Hargreaves Gray Jolliffe. No description available
Madame Je Sais Tout by Roger Hargreaves. No description available
"The Poppy Seed Cakes by Margery Clark Maud Petersham Miska Petersham. Collection of nursery tales about immigrant children Andrewshek, who gets distracted from his aunt's directions, and Erminka, who loves the red topped boots which are too large for her."
"Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 1 by Judi Barrett Ron Barrett. Track 1, page turn signals track 2, no page turn signals."
The Wind Thief by Judi Barrett Diane Dawson Hearn. No description available
Animales No Se Visten Los Animals Should Definitely Not Wear Clothing with CD by Judi Barrett Ron Barrett. Pictures of animals wearing clothes show why this would be a ridiculous custom for them to adopt.
"Beauty by Robin McKinley. The bestselling classic that redefined our view of the relationship between beauty and female identity. In today's world, women have more power, legal recognition, and professional success than ever before. Alongside the evident progress of the women's movement, however, writer and journalist Naomi Wolf is troubled by a different kind of social control, which, she argues, may prove just as restrictive as the traditional image of homemaker and wife. It's the beauty myth, an obsession with physical perfection that traps the modern woman in an endless spiral of hope, self consciousness, and self hatred as she tries to fulfill society's impossible definition of the flawless beauty."
"A Robin McKinley Collection Spindle's End The Hero and the Crown and The Blue Sword Folktales 1 3 by Robin McKinley. A Study Guide for Robin McKinley's Beauty, excerpted from Gale's acclaimed Novels for Students. This concise study guide includes plot summary character analysis author biography study questions historical context suggestions for further reading and much more. For any literature project, trust Novels for Students for all of your research needs."
"Deerskin by Robin McKinley. A fierce and beautiful story of rage and compassion, betrayal and loyalty, damage and love...A fairy tale for adults, one you'll never forget. Alice Hoffman, New York Times bestselling author of The Rules of Magic The only daughter of a beloved king and queen, Princess Lissar has grown up in the shadow of her parent s infinite adoration for each other an infatuation so great that it could only be broken by the queen s unexpected passing. As Lissar reaches womanhood, it becomes clear to everyone in the kingdom that she has inherited her late mother s breathtaking beauty. But on the eve of her seventeenth birthday, Lissar's exquisite looks become a curse... Betrayed and abused, Lissar is forced to flee her home to escape her father's madness. With her loyal dog Ash at her side, Lissar finds refuge in the mountains where she has the chance to heal and start anew. And as she unlocks a door to a world of magic, Lissar finds the key to her survival and begins an adventure beyond her wildest dreams."
"Sunshine by Robin McKinley. Al and Willie as Lewis and Clark were top billed vaudevillians for over forty years. Now they aren't even speaking. When CBS requests them for a History of Comedy retrospective, a grudging reunion brings the two back together, along with a flood of memories, miseries and laughs. publisher description."
"Rose Daughter by Robin McKinley. Award winning author Robin McKinley tells an enthralling story of magic, love, and redemption, based on the classic tale of Beauty and the Beast. Once upon a time, a wealthy merchant had three daughters. When his business failed, he moved his daughters to the countryside. The youngest daughter, Beauty, is fascinated by the thorny stems of a mysterious plant that overwhelms their neglected cottage. She tends the plant until it blossoms with the most beautiful flowers the sisters have ever seen roses. Admiring the roses, an old woman tells Beauty, Roses are for love. And she speaks of a sorcerers battle many years ago that left a beast in an enchanted palace, and a curse concerning a family of three sisters . . . The Newbery Medal winning author s charming retelling of the classic fairy tale weaves a tangled story of sorcery, loyalty, and love that is sure to cast a spell on readers."
The Door in the Hedge by Robin McKinley. No description available
"The Stone Fey by Robin McKinley John Clapp. A novel of a girl s journey from an orphaned childhood in New Mexico to an opulent life in Gilded Age New York, by the author of Avalon. In 1850, as her mother lay dying and a priest stood by, Santa Fe Cameron was named by her Scottish father after the town in which she had just been born. At seven years old, she would also lose her father. Shortly thereafter, a Navajo shaman recognized psychic power in the orphan girl, and gave her a turquoise pendant as a keepsake. This turquoise, the Indian symbol of the spirit, will dominate her life even after she leaves the simple beauty of her native New Mexico to search for happiness in the glamorous New York of the 1870s. For Fey, life is made up of violent contrasts the rough wagon that brings her East and the scented carriages waiting before her own Fifth Avenue mansion the glittering world of the Astors and a dreary cell in the Tombs. Filled with color, excitement, and rich period detail, and starring an unforgettable heroine, this is a stirring historical saga from the author of Katherine, Foxfire, and many other novels. Seton, at her best, has a gaudy vitality all her own, and a sure sense of theatre. This reader for one enjoyed The Turquoise enormously. The New York Times With accurate historical background, Anya Seton has constructed a touchingly tragic story of a girl who tried so hard to find happiness that she lost everything in her search. The life of Santa Fe Cameron lingers long in memory. Springfield Republican"
"Anne of Green Gables Anne of Green Gables 1 by L.M. Montgomery. Matthew Cuthbert, an elderly bachelor, and his spinster sister, Marilla, want to adopt a sturdy little boy to help with chores on their Prince Edward Island farm. The orphanage mistakenly sends a girl. Anne Shirley is a romantic, mischievous redhead desperate for a home and a family. She is also afflicted with an exhausting habit she cannot stop talking. Her vivid imagination causes her to encounter one mishap after another. Loyal and kindhearted, however, Anne is soon accepted as a kindred spirit to Matthew and Marilla and grows up a spirited and intelligent young woman."
Anne of Green Gables by L.M. Montgomery Barbara Caruso. No description available
"The Road to Yesterday Anne of Green Gables 9 by L.M. Montgomery. For Anne and Gilbert Blythe, life in a small village is never dull because of all the entertaining gossip, and what strange and funny tales they hear about the mischievous twins whose dearest wish comes true when they meet up with a bored and haunted millionaire or clever Penelope Craig, who considers herself an expert on children until she adopts a boy of her own or Timothy Randebush, a man so eager to keep his brother out of the clutches of a dangerous woman that he spirits her away only to fall prey to her charms himself. Filled with unexpected surprises, laughter, and tears, here are fourteen of the Blythes' favorite tales."
"Anne of Avonlea by L.M. Montgomery Clare Sieffert. In this sequel to Anne of Green Gables, teenage Anne Shirley becomes a schoolteacher at the little school that she attended."
"The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov by Vladimir Nabokov. From the writer who shocked and delighted the world with his novels Lolita, Pale Fire, and Ada, or Ardor, and so many others, comes a magnificent collection of stories. Written between the 1920s and 1950s, these sixty five tales eleven of which have been translated into English for the first time display all the shades of Nabokov's imagination. They range from sprightly fables to bittersweet tales of loss, from claustrophobic exercises in horror to a connoisseur's samplings of the table of human folly. Read as a whole, The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov offers and intoxicating draft of the master's genius, his devious wit, and his ability to turn language into an instrument of ecstasy."
The Gift by Vladimir Nabokov Michael Scammell Dmitri Nabokov. No description available
"Lectures on Literature by Vladimir Nabokov Fredson Bowers John Updike. The acclaimed author of Lolita offers unique insight into works by James Joyce, Franz Kafka, Jane Austen, and others with an introduction by John Updike. In the 1940s, when Vladimir Nabokov first embarked on his academic career in the United States, he brought with him hundreds of original lectures on the authors he most admired. For two decades those lectures served as the basis for Nabokov s teaching, first at Wellesley and then at Cornell, as he introduced undergraduates to the delights of great fiction. This volume collects Nabokov s famous lectures on Western European literature, with analysis and commentary on Charles Dickens s Bleak House, Gustav Flaubert s Madam Bovary, Marcel Proust s The Walk by Swann s Place, Robert Louis Stevenson s The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and other works. This volume also includes photographic reproductions of Nabokov s original notes, revealing his own edits, underlined passages, and more. Edited and with a Foreword by Fredson Bowers Introduction by John Updike"
"Novels Memoirs 1941 1951 The Real Life of Sebastian Knight Bend Sinister Speak Memory by Vladimir Nabokov Brian Boyd. This reader's guide provides uniquely organized and up to date information on the most important and enjoyable contemporary English language novels. Offering critically substantiated reading recommendations, careful cross referencing, and extensive indexing, this book is appropriate for both the weekend reader looking for the best new mystery and the full time graduate student hoping to survey the latest in magical realism. More than 1,000 titles are included, each entry citing major reviews and giving a brief description for each book."
The American Years by Brian Boyd. No description available
Laughter in the Dark by Vladimir Nabokov. No description available
The Luzhin Defense by Vladimir Nabokov Michael Scammell. No description available
A Woman of Substance Emma Harte Saga 1 by Barbara Taylor Bradford. The unputdownable multi million copy bestseller charting the rags to riches story of Emma Harte
"The Ravenscar Dynasty Ravenscar 1 by Barbara Taylor Bradford. Barbara Taylor Bradford introduced the illustrious Harte family in her blockbuster A Woman of Substance. Now she has created an unforgettable new dynasty the Deravenels. On a bitterly cold day in 1904, the Deravenel family's future changes forever. When Cecily Deravenel tells her eighteen year old son Edward of the death of his father, brother, uncle, and cousin in a fire, a part of him dies as well. Edward and his cousin Neville Watkins are suspicious of the deaths. They vow to seek the truth, avenge the deaths, and retake control of their family's business empire. As he grows into a handsome, charismatic man, Edward is torn between duty and desire. There are women in his life for whom he'll risk everything and one woman who might destroy him. But madness and secrecy lie at the heart of the family, and Edward's enemies are far more ruthless than he knows. He will need his strength more than ever when the house of Deravenel is fatally rocked by betrayal from within. Who will become the ultimate ruler of the Deravenels? Power and money, passion and adultery, ambition and treachery all illuminate a dramatic epic saga that brings to life the glittering Edwardian Era. The Ravenscar Dynasty is based on the familial factions of England's Wars of the Roses, brought to life by the magical, memorable storytelling power that is Barbara Taylor Bradford."
Dark Birthright by Jeanne Treat Jane Starr Weils. No description available
"Birthright Diablo The Sin War 1 by Richard A. Knaak. Since the beginning of time, the angelic forces of the High Heavens and the demonic hordes of the Burning Hells have been locked in an eternal conflict for the fate of all Creation. That struggle has now spilled over into Sanctuary the world of men. Determined to win mankind over to their respective causes, the forces of good and evil wage a secret war for mortal souls. This is the tale of the Sin War the conflict that would forever change the destiny of man."
Laura's Album A Remembrance Scrapbook of Laura Ingalls Wilder by William Anderson Laura Ingalls Wilder. No description available
"Writings to Young Women from Laura Ingalls Wilder On Wisdom and Virtues Writings to Young Women on Laura Ingalls Wilder 1 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Stephen W. Hines. From helping others in times of need, to keeping and maintaining friendships, to having a positive attitude, Laura's words of wisdom in Writings to Young Women from Laura Ingalls Wilder On Wisdom and Virtues are applicable even in today's world. As she shares stories and experiences from her own life, she encourages readers to live lives of integrity and to realize their dreams."
"Writings to Young Women from Laura Ingalls Wilder On Life as a Pioneer Woman Writings to Young Women from Laura Ingalls Wilder 2 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Stephen W. Hines. In Writings to Young Women from Laura Ingalls Wilder On Life As a Pioneer Woman, Laura tells her readers what it was like to be a pioneer in the early 1900s. Her stories and insights show us how difficult even the simplest chores or tasks were for the early pioneers, yet through it all she continued to see each situation as an adventure as if she was truly blazing the trail for future generations."
A Little House Traveler Writings from Laura Ingalls Wilder's Journeys Across America by Laura Ingalls Wilder. No description available
Laura Ingalls Wilder A Biography by William Anderson. No description available
West from Home Letters of Laura Ingalls Wilder San Francisco 1915 Little House 11 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Roger Lea MacBride Margot Patterson Doss. A selection of letters by Laura Ingalls Wilder to her husband in which she describes the highlights of her visit to the west coast in 1915.
"The Laura Ingalls Wilder Country Cookbook by Laura Ingalls Wilder William Anderson. Eager young readers can now discover and experience Laura Ingalls Wilder's books like never before. Author Annette Whipple encourages children to engage in pioneer activities while thinking deeper about the Ingalls and Wilder families as portrayed in the nine Little House books. The Laura Ingalls Wilder Companion provides brief introductions to each Little House book, chapter by chapter story guides, and Fact or Fiction sidebars, plus 75 activities, crafts, and recipes that encourage kids to Live Like Laura using easy to find supplies. Thoughtful questions help the reader develop appreciation and understanding of Wilder's stories. Every aspiring adventurer will enjoy this walk alongside Laura from the big woods to the golden years."
"Writings to Young Women on Laura Ingalls Wilder As Told By Her Family Friends and Neighbors Writings to Young Women on Laura Ingalls Wilder 3 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Stephen W. Hines. In Writings to Young Women on Laura Ingalls Wilder As Told by Her Family, Friends, and Neighbors, we see Laura through the eyes of those who knew her best. They tell of her insatiable love for reading and learning new things, her reactions to the fame from her best selling children's series, and even which book she considered her favorite."
The Laughing Jesus Religious Lies and Gnostic Wisdom by Tim Freke Peter Gandy. No description available
The Erotic Phenomenon by Jean Luc Marion Stephen E. Lewis. Publisher description
The Phenomenon of Life Toward a Philosophical Biology by Hans Jonas Lawrence Vogel Eleonore Jonas. No description available
"Down to the Bonny Glen Little House The Martha Years 3 by Melissa Wiley Ren e Graef. Originally published from 1932 to 1943, Laura Ingalls Wilder s Little House books are classics of children s literature, beloved by millions. But readers who last enjoyed them as children may be astonished at the quiet poetry of Wilder s prose and the force and poignancy of her portrait of the lives of American pioneers. Now The Library of America and editor Caroline Fraser present a new two volume edition that affirms Wilder s place in the American canon, reintroducing these enduring works to readers young and old. Here, for the first time in two collectible hardcover volumes, are all eight Little House novels brilliant narratives of the early life of Laura Ingalls and her family as they grow up with the country in the woods, on the plains, and finally in the small towns of the advancing American frontier plus the posthumous novella The First Four Years, which recounts the early years of the author s marriage to Almanzo Wilder. This first volume includes Little House in the Big Woods, Farmer Boy, Little House on the Prairie,and On the Banks of Plum Creek, plus two rare autobiographical pieces that address the need for historical accuracy in children s literature and reveal real life events not included in the novels. A companion volume gathers By the Shores of Silver Lake, The Long Winter, Little Town on the Prairie, These Happy Golden Years, and The First Four Years Each volume features a newly researched chronology of Laura Ingalls Wilder s life and career, and helpful notes. The volumes are also available in a deluxe collector s boxed set, The Little House Books The Library of America Collection. LIBRARY OF AMERICA is an independent nonprofit cultural organization founded in 1979 to preserve our nation s literary heritage by publishing, and keeping permanently in print, America s best and most significant writing. The Library of America series includes more than 300 volumes to date, authoritative editions that average 1,000 pages in length, feature cloth covers, sewn bindings, and ribbon markers, and are printed on premium acid free paper that will last for centuries."
Laura The Life of Laura Ingalls Wilder by Donald Zochert. No description available
Winter Days in the Big Woods by Laura Ingalls Wilder Ren e Graef. Laura helps Ma and Pa make the little log cabin snug and cozy for the snowy days ahead. 1994 Pick of the Lists ABA
"The First Four Years Little House 9 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Cherry Jones. The ninth and final book in Laura Ingalls Wilder s treasured Little House series now available as an ebook! This digital version features Garth Williams s classic illustrations, which appear in vibrant full color on a full color device and in rich black and white on all other devices. Laura Ingalls Wilder is beginning life with her new husband, Almanzo, in their own little house. Laura is a young pioneer wife now, and must work hard with Almanzo, farming the land around their home on the South Dakota prairie. Soon their baby daughter, Rose, is born, and the young family must face the hardships and triumphs encountered by so many American pioneers. And so Laura Ingalls Wilder's adventure as a little pioneer girl ends, and her new life as a pioneer wife and mother begins. The nine books in the timeless Little House series tell the story of Laura s childhood as an American pioneer, and are cherished by readers of all generations. They offer a unique glimpse into life on the American frontier, and tell the heartwarming, unforgettable story of a loving family. Correlates to the Common Core State Standards in English Language Arts"
"Winter on the Farm by Laura Ingalls Wilder Ren e Graef Jody Wheeler. The Little House books tell the story of a little pioneer girl and her family as they traveled by covered wagon across the Midwest. Laura Ingalls Wilder's classic books, illustrated with Garth Williams' timeless artwork, have been cherished by millions of readers ever since they were first published over sixty years ago. This My First Little House Book introduces Almanzo Wilder, the young boy from Farmer Boy who would one day marry Laura Ingalls. In Winter on the Farm, Almanzo goes through his afternoon barn chores, and then sits down to eat a hearty farm supper with his family. In this first book about Almanzo, young readers are able to share in the warmth and joy of another Little House family and celebrate new Little House adventures. Winter on the Farm is the first in an ongoing series about Laura s beloved farmer boy."
Summertime in the Big Woods by Laura Ingalls Wilder Ren e Graef. No description available
Old Town in the Green Groves Laura Ingalls Wilder's Lost Little House Years by Cynthia Rylant Jim LaMarche. No description available
Laura Ingalls Wilder's Fairy Poems by Laura Ingalls Wilder Richard Hull. No description available
Constructing the Little House Gender Culture and Laura Ingalls Wilder by Ann Romines. No description available
These Happy Golden Years Little House 8 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Cherry Jones Paul Woodiel. Laura has her first experiences as a teacher and is courted by Almonzo Wilder.
"Farmer Boy Little House 2 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Garth Williams. For the first time in the history of the Little House books, this new edition features Garth Williams' interior art in vibrant, full color, as well as beautifully redesigned covers. While Laura Ingalls grows up in a little house on the western prairie, Almanzo Wilder is living on a big farm in New York State. Here Almanzo and his brother and sisters help with the summer planting and fall harvest. In winter there is wood to be chopped and great slabs of ice to be cut from the river and stored. Time for fun comes when the jolly tin peddler visits, or best of all, when the fair comes to town. This is Laura Ingalls Wilder's beloved story of how her husband Almanzo grew up as a farmer boy far from the little house where Laura lived."
"Little Town on the Prairie Little House 7 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Garth Williams. For the first time in the history of the Little House books, this new edition features Garth Williams interior art in vibrant, full color, as well as a beautifully redesigned cover. The little settlement that weathered the long, hard winter of 1880 81 is now a growing town. Laura is growing up, and she goes to her first evening social. Mary is at last able to go to a college for the blind. Best of all, Almanzo Wilder asks permission to walk home from church with Laura. And Laura, now fifteen years old, receives her certificate to teach school."
"Christmas Stories Little House Chapter Books Laura 10 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Ren e Graef Heather Henson. Join the original pioneer girl in this Little House chapter book, adapted for younger readers from Laura Ingalls Wilder s beloved classics. Illustrated with beautiful new black and white artwork, this repackaged edition includes bonus material such as games, activities, and more! For Laura Ingalls, Christmas means good things to eat, visits from friends, and special gifts to give and receive. As Laura grows up, every Christmas is better than the one before."
"My Little House Crafts Book 18 Projects from Laura Ingalls Wilder's by Carolyn Strom Collins Christina Wyss Eriksson Mary Collier. Make the same pioneer crafts that Laura did! In her beloved Little House books, Laura Ingalls Wilder tells of her pioneer childhood growing up on the frontier. Because the Ingallses often lived far away from any stores, and because they had little money, Laura and her family had to make most of their own household items, using whatever materials were available. Now, with MY LITTLE HOUSE CRAFTS BOOK, you can share a part of Laura's pioneer days by learning how to make the same things that she and her family made for their little homes on the frontier. Inside this book are easy, step by step instructions for 18 crafts taken straight from the pages of Laura's Little House books. All you need to get started are a few simple supplies, and you're on your way to making fun and useful pioneer crafts that you'll cherish forever."
Christmas in the Big Woods by Laura Ingalls Wilder Ren e Graef. A young pioneer girl and her family celebrate Christmas in their cabin in the Wisconsin woods.
"The Long Winter Little House 6 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Garth Williams. LITTLE HOUSE. BIG ADVENTURE A fresh, photographic repackage of the original Little House books just in time for the series' 75th anniversary."
A Little House Birthday by Laura Ingalls Wilder Doris Ettlinger. No description available
The Deer in the Wood by Laura Ingalls Wilder Ren e Graef. No description available
"The First Four Years Little House 9 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Garth Williams. The ninth and final book in Laura Ingalls Wilder s treasured Little House series now available as an ebook! This digital version features Garth Williams s classic illustrations, which appear in vibrant full color on a full color device and in rich black and white on all other devices. Laura Ingalls Wilder is beginning life with her new husband, Almanzo, in their own little house. Laura is a young pioneer wife now, and must work hard with Almanzo, farming the land around their home on the South Dakota prairie. Soon their baby daughter, Rose, is born, and the young family must face the hardships and triumphs encountered by so many American pioneers. And so Laura Ingalls Wilder's adventure as a little pioneer girl ends, and her new life as a pioneer wife and mother begins. The nine books in the timeless Little House series tell the story of Laura s childhood as an American pioneer, and are cherished by readers of all generations. They offer a unique glimpse into life on the American frontier, and tell the heartwarming, unforgettable story of a loving family. Correlates to the Common Core State Standards in English Language Arts"
The Little House Cookbook Frontier Foods from Laura Ingalls Wilder's Classic Stories by Barbara M. Walker Garth Williams. No description available
"Little House on the Prairie Little House 3 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Garth Williams. A family travels from the big woods of Wisconsin to a new home on the prairie, where they build a house, meet neighboring Indians, build a well, and fight a prairie fire."
"Let the Hurricane Roar by Rose Wilder Lane. Newlyweds, Molly and David work hard on their homestead, but when disaster strikes, David must go east to find work, leaving Molly with their new baby to face the prairie winter."
"Little House in the Big Woods Little House 1 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Garth Williams. A year in the life of two young girls growing up on the Wisconsin frontier, as they help their mother with the daily chores, enjoy their father's stories and singing, and share special occasions when they get together with relatives or neighbors."
Flowers Eyewitness Explorers by David Burnie. No description available
"Animal The Definitive Visual Guide to the World's Wildlife by David Burnie Don E. Wilson. With more than 1 million copies sold, this updated and revised celebration of the animal kingdom features photos and descriptions of over 2,000 species and habitats. Bringing animals, habitats, and up to date research to life for readers around the world, Animal explores the creatures that have fascinated and inspired humans for years, from intrepid Emperor penguins to fierce Siberian tigers, to the very intelligent and highly communicative humpback whale. This updated edition introduces the olinguito, the adorable, recently discovered mammal that looks like a cross between a cat and a teddy bear, and the Skywalker gibbon found in the tropical forests of Yunnan Province in southwest China and Myanmar."
"The Making Of Disney's Animal Kingdom Theme Park by Melody Malmberg Walt Disney Company. Jungle Genesis. Disney's Animal Kingdom hatched in 1998, the fourth Walt Disney World theme park, with its DNA an ambitious helix of conservation, animal appreciation, and thrill rides. Journalist Chuck Schmidt explores the genome of this one day park that continues to expand and evolve."
El Reino Animal by Sergio Ram rez. No description available
"Tree Eyewitness Books by David Burnie Peter K. Chadwick. In this updated and revised edition of Tree, readers can follow a seed grow into a sapling, the changing colors of fall leaves, and the tiny insects that live in rotting leaves on the forest floor, plus learn why deciduous trees lose their leaves in the fall, how a tree breathes, how bark defends trees from attack by animals, and more. Each revised Eyewitness book retains the stunning artwork and photography from the groundbreaking original series, but the text has been reduced and reworked to speak more clearly to younger readers. Still on every colorful page Vibrant annotated photographs and the integrated text and pictures approach that makes Eyewitness a perennial favorite of parents, teachers, and school age kids."
Insects Spiders by David Burnie. No description available
The Prophet of Yonwood by Jeanne DuPrau. No description available
Muhammad A Prophet for Our Time by Karen Armstrong. No description available
Prophet by Frank E. Peretti. No description available
"Access the Power of Your Higher Self Your Source of Inner Guidance and Spiritual Transformation Pocket Guides to Practical Spirituality by Elizabeth Clare Prophet. Access the Power of Your Higher Self presents simple techniques that can help you develop a close, working relationship with Spirit and experience the joy, peace and empowerment that are your spiritual birthright. When you are in tune with your Higher Self, you become more loving and sensitive to your own and others needs. You fulfill your life s purpose and express your greatest creativity. In this pocket guide to practical spirituality, you ll learn ten dynamic steps to spiritual awakening that will help you realize your full potential."
Hailstones and Halibut Bones by Mary O'Neill John Wallner. No description available
"The Second Sex by Simone de Beauvoir H.M. Parshley Margaret Crosland. Vintage Feminism classic feminist texts in short form WITH AN INTRODUCTION BY NATALIE HAYNES When this book was first published in 1949 it was to outrage and scandal. Never before had the case for female liberty been so forcefully and successfully argued. De Beauvoir s belief that One is not born, but rather becomes, woman switched on light bulbs in the heads of a generation of women and began a fight for greater equality and economic independence. These pages contain the key passages of the book that changed perceptions of women forever. TRANSLATED BY CONSTANCE BORDE AND SHEILA MALOVANY CHEVALLIER ANNOTATED AND INTRODUCED BY MARTINE REID"
The Second Sex by Simone de Beauvoir H.M. Parshley. No description available
The Church and the Second Sex by Mary Daly. No description available
Thomas Jefferson Oxford Portraits by R.B. Bernstein. No description available
"The Jefferson Bible The Life and Morals of Jesus of Nazareth by Thomas Jefferson. Discarding the scriptures' supernatural elements and dogma, the American founding father's chronological selection from the Gospels reflects the deist view of religion, focusing on Jesus' message of love and service."
Who Was Thomas Jefferson? by Dennis Brindell Fradin Nancy Harrison John O'Brien. No description available
The Man Who Listens to Horses by Monty Roberts Lucy Grealy Lawrence Scanlan. No description available
Under Orders Sid Halley 4 by Dick Francis. Halley is looking into a nobleman's permanent losing streak when he discovers a murdered jockey.
For Kicks by Dick Francis. No description available
Forfeit by Dick Francis. No description available
Dead Cert by Dick Francis. No description available
Rat Race by Dick Francis. No description available
Reflex by Dick Francis. No description available
Decider by Dick Francis. No description available
Slay Ride by Dick Francis. No description available
Bonecrack by Dick Francis. No description available
"Nerve by Dick Francis. Inspiration for the major motion picture starring Emma Roberts and Dave Franco a high stakes online game of dares turns deadly in this suspenseful debut When Vee is picked to be a player in NERVE, an anonymous game of dares broadcast live online, she discovers that the game knows her. They tempt her with prizes taken from her ThisIsMe page and team her up with the perfect boy, sizzling hot Ian. At first it's exhilarating Vee and Ian's fans cheer them on to riskier dares with higher stakes. But the game takes a twisted turn when they're directed to a secret location with five other players for the Grand Prize round. Suddenly they're playing all or nothing, with their lives on the line. Just how far will Vee go before she loses NERVE."
"Break In Kit Fielding 1 by Dick Francis. Jockey Kit Fielding has been riding in a succession of triumphs on the race course, but this winning streak is about to come to an end. Kit's twin sister has come to him in desperation. Threatened by financial scandal, she and her husband may lose their training stables. Kit soon finds, though, that a greater danger lurks behind the threat one that could be fatal."
Blood Sport by Dick Francis. No description available
Straight by Dick Francis. No description available
10 lb Penalty by Dick Francis. No description available
Trial Run by Dick Francis. No description available
Wild Horses by Dick Francis. No description available
"Field of Thirteen by Dick Francis. A superbly crafted collection of thirteen tightly plotted tales that treats readers to murder, mystery, and mayhem in the world of horseracing. Few things are more convincing than Dick Francis at a full gallop. Chicago Tribune With his remarkable blend of unrelenting suspense, finely tuned narrative, and lean, stylish prose, New York Times bestselling author Dick Francis proves that he is as much a master of the short story as he is of the novel in this thrilling collection."
"Driving Force by Dick Francis. Not just another theoretical book about teams, The Driving Force is a guide to making teams work through the integration of theory and practical application provided by hands on examples broken into three sections I. Team Basics II. Types of Teams III. Team Toolkit. This book is written for those who have worked with teams before with less than optimal results, and for those who believe in teams but don't knonw where to begin. Here, the author shows how to leverage the skills, talents, and interests of employees to maximize collaboration and performance. The fact is, teams are everywhere and a part of the fabric of everyday life, whether on the soccer field or in a corporate structure. Done well, teams inspire and motivate done poorly, they lead to disappointment and failure. The Driving Force takes the life long lessons learned by Nancy Brown Johnston and her colleagues and helps the reader to improve the success rate of teams in all environments. Also included Assessments for a wide range of uses."
Flying Finish by Dick Francis. No description available
"Bolt Kit Fielding 2 by Dick Francis. A novel that races along with all the alacrity of one of Kit's mounts at the Devon or Ascot race courses. A subtle twist at the end makes the jaunt all the more enjoyable. NEW YORK TIMES BOOK REVIEW In Kit Fielding's breakneck world of steeplechase racing, the ultimate catastrophe strikes Someone is shooting horses. As Kit races to stop the murdering madness, everyone in his upper crust circle becomes a suspect the princely rival who's trying to woo his woman, the personal enemy bent on ruining his family, not to forget the black market arms dealer whose plans could imperil the globe. Much as the civilized side of him hates to admit it, Kit wonders if he should steel himself to the use of force... From the Paperback edition."
"Come to Grief Sid Halley 3 by Dick Francis. When ex jockey Sid Halley becomes convinced that one of his closest friends and one of the racing world's most beloved figures is behind a series of shockingly violent acts, he faces the most troubling case of his career."
Enquiry by Dick Francis. No description available
"Odds Against Sid Halley 1 by Dick Francis. From the New York Times bestselling master of crime fiction and equine thrills, a jockey turned investigator tackles crime in the horse racing world Newsday . Dick Francis, Edgar Award winning master of mystery and suspense, takes you into the thrilling world of horse racing. A hard fall took hotshot jockey Sid Halley out of the horse racing game, leaving him with a crippled hand, a broken heart, and the desperate need for a new job. Now he s landed a position with a detective agency, only to catch a bullet from some common thug. And things are about to get even more hectic. The agency is giving him a case to handle on his own. The case brings him to the door of Zanna Martin, a woman who might be just what Sid needs to get him back up and running. But he s up against a field of thoroughbred criminals, and the odds against him are making it a long shot that he ll even survive . . . Dick Francis is a wonder. The Plain Dealer An imaginative craftsman of high order. The Sunday Times Few things are more convincing than Dick Francis at a full gallop. Chicago Tribune Few match Francis for dangerous flights of fancy and pure inventive menace. Boston Herald The master of crime fiction and equine thrills. Newsday Francis has the uncanny ability to turn out simply plotted yet charmingly addictive mysteries. The Wall Street Journal Francis is a genius. Los Angeles Times A rare and magical talent . . . who never writes the same story twice. The San Diego Union Tribune"
Banker by Dick Francis. No description available
"Whip Hand Sid Halley 2 by Dick Francis. Ex jockey Sid Halley is now a crack private investigator and, while checking out the mysterious failings of Rosemary Caspar's husband's horses, finds himself embroiled with a major expose involving a menacing syndicate, his ex wife's boyfriend, and other unsavory characters."
A Jockey's Life The Biography of Lester Piggott by Dick Francis. No description available
The Dick Francis Treasury of Great Racing Stories by Dick Francis John Welcome. No description available
"Come to Grief Decider Wild Horses by Dick Francis. When ex jockey Sid Halley becomes convinced that one of his closest friends and one of the racing world's most beloved figures is behind a series of shockingly violent acts, he faces the most troubling case of his career."
Odds Against by Dick Francis. No description available
Eats Shoots Leaves Why Commas Really Do Make a Difference! by Lynne Truss Bonnie Timmons. No description available
"Talk to the Hand The Utter Bloody Rudeness of Everyday Life by Lynne Truss. The best selling author of 'Eats, Shoots and Leaves' is back with a new book on the state of modern manners. 'Talk to the Hand' is a colourful call to arms from the wittiest defender of the civilised world."
"The Spice and Herb Bible by Ian Hemphill Kate Hemphill. One of the most complete references for the well equipped kitchen, The Spiceand Herb Bible profiles more than 95 spices and herbs and offers recipes for29 spice mixes. of full color photos."
"Master and Commander Aubrey Maturin 1 by Patrick O'Brian. The classic first novel of the epic Aubrey Maturin series, widely considered the best historical novels ever written Richard Snow, New York Times . Ardent, gregarious British naval officer Jack Aubrey is elated to be given his first appointment as commander the fourteen gun ship HMS Sophie. Meanwhile after a heated first encounter that nearly comes to a duel Aubrey and a brilliant but down on his luck physician, Stephen Maturin, strike up an unlikely rapport. On a whim, Aubrey invites Maturin to join his crew as the Sophie s surgeon. And so begins the legendary friendship that anchors this beloved saga set against the thrilling backdrop of the Napoleonic Wars. Through every ensuing adventure on which Aubrey and Maturin embark, from the witty parley of their lovers and enemies to the roar of broadsides as great ships close in battle around them, O Brian provides endlessly varying shocks and surprises comic, grim, farcical and tragic. A whole, solidly living world for the imagination to inhabit A. S. Byatt ."
The Making of Master and Commander The Far Side of the World by Tom McGregor. No description available
"The Ionian Mission Aubrey Maturin 8 by Patrick O'Brian Simon Vance. O'Brian is one author who can put a spark of character into the sawdust of time, and The Ionian Mission is another rattling good yarn. Stephen Vaughan, The Observer Jack Aubrey and Stephen Maturin, veterans now of many battles, return in this novel to the seas where they first sailed as shipmates. But Jack is now a senior captain commanding a line of battle ship in the Royal Navy's blockade of Toulon, and this is a longer, harder, colder war than the dashing frigate actions of his early days. A sudden turn of events takes him and Stephen off on a hazardous mission to the Greek Islands, where all his old skills of seamanship and his proverbial luck when fighting against odds come triumphantly into their own."
Her Master and Commander Just Ask Reeves 1 by Karen Hawkins. No description available
"Strange Sounds Music Technology Culture by Timothy D. Taylor. In Strange Sounds, Timothy D. Taylor explains the wonder and anxiety provoked by a technological revolution that began in the 1940s and gathers steam daily. Taylor discusses the ultural role of technology, its use in making music, and the inevitable concerns about authenticity that arise from electronic music. Informative and highly entertaining for both music fans and scholars, Strange Sounds is a provocative look at how we perform, listen to, and understand music today."
"Stanley Park by Timothy Taylor. In early December 2006, a powerful windstorm ripped through Vancouver s Stanley Park. The storm transformed the city s most treasured landmark into a tangle of splintered trees, and shattered a decades old vision of the park as timeless virgin wilderness. In Inventing Stanley Park, Sean Kheraj traces how the tension between popular expectations of idealized nature and the volatility of complex ecosystems helped transform the landscape of one of the world s most famous urban parks. This beautifully illustrated book not only depicts the natural and cultural forces that shaped the park s landscape, it also examines the roots of our complex relationship with nature."
Crow Lake by Mary Lawson. No description available
"Xenocide Ender's Saga 3 by Orson Scott Card Piotr W. Cholewa. 'Orson Scott Card made a strong case for being the best writer science fiction has to offer.' The Houston Post on Xenocide 'The novels of Orson Scott Card's Ender series are an intriguing combination of action, military and political strategy, elaborate war games and psychology.' USA Today TOGETHER THEY STAND BUT CAN THEY PREVENT AN ATROCITY? Ender and Valentine Wiggin brother and sister whose lives have shaped history. Valentine is 'Demosthenes', whose subversive, incendiary writings fight the monstrous power of Starways Congress, masters of the Hundred Worlds. And Ender. . . As a child, Ender commanded a warfleet that wiped out a planet. The triumph of his life could be his fight to stop it happening again. It might be his tragedy that he cannot. Congress has sent a warfleet to Lusitania, home to Ender, his family, two alien species and the deadliest virus ever known. The warfleet carries an order to destroy. To commit xenocide. A sequel novel to the science fiction classic ENDER'S GAME soon to be released as a major motion picture starring Harrison Ford, Ben Kingsley and Asa Butterfield Books by Orson Scott Card Alvin Maker novels Seventh Son Red Prophet Prentice Alvin Alvin Journeyman Heartfire The Crystal City Ender Wiggin Saga Ender's Game Speaker for the Dead Xenocide Children of the Mind Ender in Exile Homecoming The Memory of the Earth The Call of the Earth The Ships of the Earth Earthfall Earthborn First Formic War with Aaron Johnston Earth Unaware Earth Afire Earth Awakens"
"The Life of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle by John Dickson Carr Daniel Stashower. A biography of the creator of Sherlock Holmes, depicting him as a romantic, a politician, a warfare expert, and an amateur detective"
The Lost World TV Tie in by Arthur Conan Doyle Philip Gooden. No description available
Las aventuras de Sherlock Holmes by Arthur Conan Doyle Javier Gomez Rea. No description available
"Wild Ducks Flying Backward by Tom Robbins. An entertaining anthology of writings features both nonfiction essays and short stories that cover such topics as art critiques, poetry, country song lyrics, odes to redheads, kissing, Diane Keaton, tomato sandwiches, the Doors, and more. 100,000 first printing."
Unlimited Power The New Science Of Personal Achievement by Anthony Robbins Kenneth H. Blanchard Jason Winters. No description available
Robbins and Cotran Review of Pathology by Edward C. Klatt Vinay Kumar. No description available
Fierce Invalids Home from Hot Climates by Tom Robbins. No description available
"Jitterbug Perfume by Tom Robbins. Jitterbug Perfume is an epic. Which is to say, it begins in the forests of ancient Bohemia and doesn t conclude until nine o clock tonight Paris time . It is a saga, as well. A saga must have a hero, and the hero of this one is a janitor with a missing bottle. The bottle is blue, very, very old, and embossed with the image of a goat horned god. If the liquid in the bottle actually is the secret essence of the universe, as some folks seem to think, it had better be discovered soon because it is leaking and there is only a drop or two left."
"Life the Universe and Everything Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 3 by Douglas Adams. Now celebrating the 42nd anniversary of The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy, soon to be a Hulu original series! Wild satire . . . The feckless protagonist, Arthur Dent, is reminiscent of Vonnegut heroes. Chicago Tribune The unhappy inhabitants of planet Krikkit are sick of looking at the night sky above their heads so they plan to destroy it. The universe, that is. Now only five individuals stand between the killer robots of Krikkit and their goal of total annihilation. They are Arthur Dent, a mild mannered space and time traveler who tries to learn how to fly by throwing himself at the ground and missing Ford Prefect, his best friend, who decides to go insane to see if he likes it Slartibartfast, the indomitable vice president of the Campaign for Real Time, who travels in a ship powered by irrational behavior Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two headed, three armed ex president of the galaxy and Trillian, the sexy space cadet who is torn between a persistent Thunder God and a very depressed Beeblebrox. How will it all end? Will it end? Only this stalwart crew knows as they try to avert universal Armageddon and save life as we know it and don t know it! Adams is one of those rare treasures an author who, one senses, has as much fun writing as one has reading. Arizona Daily Star"
"So Long and Thanks for All the Fish Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 4 by Douglas Adams. Now celebrating the 42nd anniversary of The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy, soon to be a Hulu original series! A madcap adventure . . . Adams s writing teeters on the fringe of inspired lunacy. United Press International Back on Earth with nothing more to show for his long, strange trip through time and space than a ratty towel and a plastic shopping bag, Arthur Dent is ready to believe that the past eight years were all just a figment of his stressed out imagination. But a gift wrapped fishbowl with a cryptic inscription, the mysterious disappearance of Earth s dolphins, and the discovery of his battered copy of The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy all conspire to give Arthur the sneaking suspicion that something otherworldly is indeed going on. God only knows what it all means. Fortunately, He left behind a Final Message of explanation. But since it s light years away from Earth, on a star surrounded by souvenir booths, finding out what it is will mean hitching a ride to the far reaches of space aboard a UFO with a giant robot. What else is new? The most ridiculously exaggerated situation comedy known to created beings . . . Adams is irresistible. The Boston Globe"
"The Restaurant at the End of the Universe The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 2 by Douglas Adams Martin Freeman. The Restaurant at the End of the Universe continues the story of Arthur Dent Trillian, his sometime girlfriend Zaphod Beeblebrox, president of the Imperial Galactic Government Marvin the depressed robot and Ford, his longtime hitchhiking companion. The Heart of Gold is speeding away from Magrathea, the adventurers having barely escaped there with their lives at the end of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy."
"Starship Titanic by Terry Jones Marie Catherine Caillava. Seconds after its initial launch, Starship Titanic undergoes SMEF Spontaneous Massive Existence Failure and vanishes, only to mysteriously turn up at the home of Dan and Lucy Gibson, residents of a remote, little known planet called Earth. Reprint."
"The Illustrated Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy by Douglas Adams. This beautifully illustrated edition of the New York Times bestselling classic celebrates the 42nd anniversary of the original publication with all new art by award winning illustrator Chris Riddell. SOON TO BE A HULU SERIES An astonishing comic writer. Neil Gaiman Nominated as one of America s best loved novels by PBS s The Great American Read It s an ordinary Thursday morning for Arthur Dent . . . until his house gets demolished. The Earth follows shortly after to make way for a new hyperspace express route, and Arthur s best friend has just announced that he s an alien. After that, things get much, much worse. With just a towel, a small yellow fish, and a book, Arthur has to navigate through a very hostile universe in the company of a gang of unreliable aliens. Luckily the fish is quite good at languages. And the book is The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy . . . which helpfully has the words DON T PANIC inscribed in large, friendly letters on its cover. Douglas Adams s mega selling pop culture classic sends logic into orbit, plays havoc with both time and physics, offers up pithy commentary on such things as ballpoint pens, potted plants, and digital watches . . . and, most important, reveals the ultimate answer to life, the universe, and everything. Now, if you could only figure out the question. . . ."
"Margaret Atwood The Handmaid's Tale by H l ne Greven Borde. REA's MAXnotes for Margaret Atwood's The Handmaid's Tale MAXnotes offer a fresh look at masterpieces of literature, presented in a lively and interesting fashion. Written by literary experts who currently teach the subject, MAXnotes will enhance your understanding and enjoyment of the work. MAXnotes are designed to stimulate independent thought about the literary work by raising various issues and thought provoking ideas and questions. MAXnotes cover the essentials of what one should know about each work, including an overall summary, character lists, an explanation and discussion of the plot, the work's historical context, illustrations to convey the mood of the work, and a biography of the author. Each chapter is individually summarized and analyzed, and has study questions and answers."
"Point to Point Navigation by Gore Vidal. In a witty and elegant autobiography that takes up where his bestelling Palimpsest left off, the celebrated novelist, essayist, critic, and controversialist Gore Vidal reflects on his remarkable life.Writing from his desks in Ravello and the Hollywood Hills, Vidal travels in memory through the arenas of literature, television, film, theatre, politics, and international society where he has cut a wide swath, recounting achievements and defeats, friends and enemies made and sometimes lost . From encounters with, amongst others, Jack and Jacqueline Kennedy, Tennessee Williams, Eleanor Roosevelt, Orson Welles, Johnny Carson, Francis Ford Coppola to the mournful passing of his longtime partner, Howard Auster, Vidal always steers his narrative with grace and flair. Entertaining, provocative, and often moving, Point to Point Navigation wonderfully captures the life of one of twentieth century America s most important writers."
An Inconvenient Truth The Planetary Emergency of Global Warming and What We Can Do About It by Al Gore. No description available
Palimpsest by Gore Vidal. No description available
"Lincoln by Gore Vidal. Was Abraham Lincoln a racist, as some critics would have us believe? Was he the father of big government, as some others maintain? Was the sixteenth president a traitor to the cause of free society and constitutional government? Are the political principles that guided him relevant today? In this provocative and timely book, Thomas L. Krannawitter sets out to defend the man many consider to be our greatest president from critics on both the left and the right. For although public opinion polls tend to rank Lincoln among the country's most venerated presidents, he is also, paradoxically, the president who is least understood. While Lincoln's name is frequently invoked in contemporary American politics, few Americans understand or agree with the moral and political principles for which Lincoln gave his last full measure of devotion. Many influential authors view Lincoln as an antiquated monument, a man of his age who knew only nineteenth century prejudices and lacked twenty first century enlightenment. Other writers denounce Lincoln as a tyrant who trampled upon the Constitution and states' rights, and thereby inaugurated big government and the kind of politics feared by the Founding Fathers. Krannawitter argues that both views spring from a misunderstanding of Lincoln. Today, at precisely the moment when America is most in need of his moral and political understanding, we are more removed from Lincoln's thought than ever before. Vindicating Lincoln reintroduces us to Lincoln the statesman, the man who defended our greatest ideals of freedom and equality at the darkest moment in American history. Krannawitter shows us why it is in our interest not only to learn about Abraham Lincoln, but to learn from him to understand that Lincoln's guiding principles were true not only for his time, but that they remain true for ours as well. On the eve of the bicentennial of his birth in 2009, Lincoln can offer moral and political guidance to us all."
"Burr by Gore Vidal. For readers who can t get enough of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton,Gore Vidal s stunning novel about Aaron Burr, the man who killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel and who served as a successful, if often feared, statesman of our fledgling nation. Here is an extraordinary portrait of one of the most complicated and misunderstood figures among the Founding Fathers. In 1804, while serving as vice president, Aaron Burr fought a duel with his political nemesis, Alexander Hamilton, and killed him. In 1807, he was arrested, tried, and acquitted of treason. In 1833, Burr is newly married, an aging statesman considered a monster by many. But he is determined to tell his own story, and he chooses to confide in a young New York City journalist named Charles Schermerhorn Schuyler. Together, they explore both Burr's past and the continuing civic drama of their young nation. Burr is the first novel in Gore Vidal's Narratives of Empire series, which spans the history of the United States from the Revolution to post World War II. With their broad canvas and sprawling cast of fictional and historical characters, these novels present a panorama of American politics and imperialism, as interpreted by one of our most incisive and ironic observers."
"Comfort Me with Apples More Adventures at the Table by Ruth Reichl. The noted food critic describes her odyssey from chef to food writer, traces her journey through restaurants from Bangkok to Paris to Los Angeles, and offers colorful anecdotes about her life and encounters with great food."
Comfort Me With Apples by Ruth Reichl. No description available
The Last Temptation of Christ by Nikos Kazantzakis Peter A. Bien. No description available
"Her Last Temptation by Leslie Kelly. Her Last Temptation by Leslie Kelly When Cat Sheehan's bar is forced to close, she decides it's time to reform her wild child ways, starting by hooking up with a nice guy. But her resolution goes down the drain when a motorcycle driving, bad boy musician walks in. Little does she know that Dylan Spencer has a secret. He's not a bad boy. And he's not a stranger, either. Though Cat doesn't recognize him, Dylan's been in love with her since high school. Now that he finally has her where he wants her in his life, in his bed he'll do whatever it takes to keep the truth from her. Show Tell by Rhonda Nelson Tantric sex is the hottest new trend in getting lucky. Investigative journalist Knox Webber is determined to prove the practice is nothing but a lot of sexual gymnastics. But for the kind of undercover story he plans, he needs a partner like his sexy rival Savannah Reeves. Savannah has something to prove, too. This is her chance to show that she is just as good a reporter as Knox. But that means she has to maintain her professionalism at all times...and never let him know that she'd rather do an expos on him!"
"The Last Temptation Tony Hill Carol Jordan 3 by Val McDermid. Forensic profiler Dr. Tony Hill is called in to track a vicious killer across northern Europe, a case that he takes on when the next victim is an old friend and that is soon complicated by his former partner, Detective Carol Jordan."
The Last Temptation by Nikos Kazantzakis Peter A. Bien. No description available
Desert Dawn by Waris Dirie Jeanne D'Haem. No description available
Desert Flower by Waris Dirie Cathleen Miller. No description available
Desert Children by Waris Dirie Corinna Milborn Sheelagh Alabaster. No description available
"L'Aube du d sert by Waris Dirie Jeanne d' Haem. Le bouleversant retour en Somalie de Waris Dirie apr s vingt ans d'absence. Top model c l bre, ambassadrice de l'ONU charg e des questions de mutilations sexuelles, Waris Dirie a racont dans Fleur du d sert le fabuleux parcours qui l'a men e de la lointaine Somalie l'univers glac de la mode. Mais si elle a quitt sa terre natale pour chapper des coutumes ancestrales et barbares excision, mariage forc , jamais elle n'a reni ses origines. Waris Dirie n'a pas oubli qu'elle appartient un peuple aujourd'hui en guerre et victime de la famine. Ce pays qu'elle a rejet mais qu'elle continue d'aimer, elle a eu envie d'y retourner apr s vingt ans d'absence. L'aube du d sert est l'histoire de ce poignant retour aux sources. C'est aussi le t moignage d'une femme partag e entre deux cultures, qui nous invite comprendre toute la valeur du mot diff rence ."
"The Beach by Joanna Strange. The irresistible novel that was adapted into a major motion picture starring Leonardo DiCaprio. The Khao San Road, Bangkok first stop for the hordes of rootless young Westerners traveling in Southeast Asia. On Richard's first night there, in a low budget guest house, a fellow traveler slashes his wrists, bequeathing to Richard a meticulously drawn map to the Beach. The Beach, as Richard has come to learn, is the subject of a legend among young travelers in Asia a lagoon hidden from the sea, with white sand and coral gardens, freshwater falls surrounded by jungle, plants untouched for a thousand years. There, it is rumored, a carefully selected international few have settled in a communal Eden. Haunted by the figure of Mr. Duck the name by which the Thai police have identified the dead man and his own obsession with Vietnam movies, Richard sets off with a young French couple to an island hidden away in an archipelago forbidden to tourists. They discover the Beach, and it is as beautiful and idyllic as it is reputed to be. Yet over time it becomes clear that Beach culture, as Richard calls it, has troubling, even deadly, undercurrents. Spellbinding and hallucinogenic, The Beach by Alex Garland both a national bestseller and his debut is a highly accomplished and suspenseful novel that fixates on a generation in their twenties, who, burdened with the legacy of the preceding generation and saturated by popular culture, long for an unruined landscape, but find it difficult to experience the world firsthand."
"The Weekenders Travels in the Heart of Africa by W.F. Deedes Sue Ryan Alex Garland Tony Hawks Andrew O'Hagan Irvine Welsh Giles Foden Victoria Glendinning. What would happen if you took some of Britain's best writing talent, put them on a plane and flew them to one of the most extraordinary places on the planet? This collection of short stories and evocative travel writing in their response."
"I Feel Bad About My Neck And Other Thoughts on Being a Woman by Nora Ephron. 1 NATIONAL BESTSELLER A candid, hilarious look at women of a certain age and dealing with the tribulations of maintenance, menopause, empty nests, and life itself. Wickedly witty ... Crackling sharp ... Fireworks shoot out of this collection . The Boston Globe With her disarming, intimate, completely accessible voice, and dry sense of humor, Nora Ephron chronicles her life as an obsessed cook, passionate city dweller, and hapless parent. But mostly she speaks frankly and uproariously about life as an older woman. Utterly courageous, uproariously funny, and unexpectedly moving in its truth telling, I Feel Bad About My Neck is a scrumptious, irresistible treat of a book, full of truths, laugh out loud moments that will appeal to readers of all ages."
Feel the Fear . . . and Do It Anyway by Susan Jeffers. No description available
Touch Feel Animals Boxed Set by Jennifer Quasha Deni Brown Dawn Sirett. No description available
"Today I Feel Silly Other Moods That Make My Day by Jamie Lee Curtis Laura Cornell. Today I feel silly. Mom says it's the heat. I put rouge on the cat and gloves on my feet. I ate noodles for breakfast and pancakes at night. I dressed like a star and was quite a sight. Today I am sad, my mood's heavy and gray. There's a frown on my face and it's been there all day. My best friend and I had a really big fight. She said that I tattled and I know that she's right. Silly, cranky, excited, or sad everyone has moods that can change each day. Jamie Lee Curtis's zany and touching verse, paired with Laura Cornell's whimsical and original illustrations, helps kids explore, identify, and, even have fun with their ever changing moods. Here's another inspired picture book from the bestselling author illustrator team of Tell Me Again About the Night I Was Born and When I Was Little A Four Year Old's Memoir of Her Youth."
My First Word Touch and Feel by Anne Millard. No description available
"When I Feel Angry by Nancy Cote Cornelia Maude Spelman. Everyone feels angry sometimes, but there are always ways to feel better! Join a bunny rabbit and her family as she learns to manage angry feelings. With a focus on identifying the causes of an emotional reaction, and coming up with ways to start feeling calm and happy again, this book explains simple strategies to help kids understand and take care of their emotions."
"Violet's House A Giant Touch and Feel Book Baby Einstein by Julie Aigner Clark Nadeem Zaidi. Violet, a very curious young mouse, invites babies and toddlers into her home to explore, room by room, her favorite things. Delightfully written rhythmic verse and engaging illustrations lead children to discover the feel of objects that surround them in their everyday world. From touching Violet's fluffy poodle to joining her as she puts sticky toothpaste on her brush, children will want to visit Violet's House time and time again."
"The White Masai by Corinne Hofmann Peter Millar. The runaway international bestseller is now an American must read for lovers of adventure, travel writing, and romance. Corinne Hofmann tells how she falls in love with an African warrior while on holiday in Kenya. After overcoming severe obstacles, she moves into a tiny hut with him and his mother, and spends four years in his Kenyan village. Slowly but surely, the dream starts to crumble, and she hatches a plan to return home with her daughter, a baby born of the seemingly indestructible love between a white European woman and a Masai. Compulsively readable, The White Masai is at once a hopelessly romantic love story, a gripping adventure yarn, and a fine piece of meticulously observed social anthropology."
The Story of a Seagull and the Cat Who Taught Her to Fly by Luis Sep lveda Chris Sheban Margaret Sayers Peden. No description available
"Ahora sabr is lo que es correr by Dave Eggers Mar a Victoria Alonso Blanco. Una historia conmovedora, asombrosa y genial, para escribir una aventura disparatada y quijotesca. Un golpe de suerte. Ochenta mil d lares. Dos amigos, Will y Hand, dos personajes quijotescos y disparatados. Un mundo por delante y una idea repartir ese dinero entre los m s necesitados. Prost bulos, carreras, sobornos, amenazas, lecciones aprendidas, y bajo este manto de aventuras se detecta el enfrentamiento entre la principal potencia mundial y el Tercer Mundo, y el sentimiento de culpa del hombre blanco occidental. Rese a Un gran libro que anuncia a bombo y platillo el debut de un brillante s , asombrosamente brillante nuevo escritor. Michiko Kakutani, The New York Times"
The Burgess Bird Book for Children by Thornton W. Burgess Louis Agassiz Fuertes. No description available
The Burgess Animal Book for Children by Thornton W. Burgess Louis Agassiz Fuertes. No description available
The Adventures of Jimmy Skunk by Thornton W. Burgess Thea Kliros Harrison Cady. Animal bedtime stories.
The Wanting Seed by Anthony Burgess. No description available
A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess Blake Morrison. No description available
A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess. No description available
Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess. No description available
A Clockwork Orange Stage Play by Anthony Burgess. No description available
One Hand Clapping by Anthony Burgess. No description available
The Doctor is Sick by Anthony Burgess. No description available
Earthly Powers by Anthony Burgess. No description available
Past Mortem by Ben Elton. No description available
"This Other Eden by Ben Elton. Shortlisted for the 2023 Booker Prize Finalist for the 2023 National Book Award for Fiction One of Barack Obama's 15 favorite books of 2023 A New Yorker Best Books of 2023 An NPR 2023 Book We Love Pick and Top 10 Book of 2023 One of Time's 100 Must Read Books of 2023 One of the New York Times's 100 Notable Books of 2023 and Best Historical Fiction of 2023 A Chicago Public Library Favorite Book of 2023 A Fresh Air Top 10 Best Book of 2023 A Publishers Weekly Best Fiction of 2023 A testament of love. Danez Smith, New York Times Book Review From the Pulitzer Prize winning author of Tinkers, a novel inspired by the true story of Malaga Island, an isolated island off the coast of Maine that became one of the first racially integrated towns in the Northeast. In 1792, formerly enslaved Benjamin Honey and his Irish wife, Patience, discover an island where they can make a life together. Over a century later, the Honeys descendants and a diverse group of neighbors are desperately poor, isolated, and often hungry, but nevertheless protected from the hostility awaiting them on the mainland. During the tumultuous summer of 1912, Matthew Diamond, a retired, idealistic but prejudiced schoolteacher turned missionary, disrupts the community s fragile balance through his efforts to educate its children. His presence attracts the attention of authorities on the mainland who, under the influence of the eugenics thinking popular among progressives of the day, decide to forcibly evacuate the island, institutionalize its residents, and develop the island as a vacation destination. Beginning with a hurricane flood reminiscent of the story of Noah s Ark, the novel ends with yet another Ark. In prose of breathtaking beauty and power, Paul Harding brings to life an unforgettable cast of characters Iris and Violet McDermott, sisters raising three orphaned Penobscot children Theophilus and Candace Larks and their brood of vagabond children the prophetic Zachary Hand to God Proverbs, a Civil War veteran who lives in a hollow tree and more. A spellbinding story of resistance and survival, This Other Eden is an enduring testament to the struggle to preserve human dignity in the face of intolerance and injustice."
Saint Exup ry by Stacy Schiff Antoine de Saint Exup ry. No description available
Le Petit Prince by Antoine de Saint Exup ry. No description available
Macbeth by William Shakespeare. No description available
Macbeth by William Shakespeare Alan Durband. No Marketing Blurb
Death of a Scriptwriter Hamish Macbeth 14 by M.C. Beaton. Scotland's lovable Hamish Macbeth the one man village police force investigates the death of an actress and a television writer in this latest episode in the popular series.
"Death of a Poison Pen Hamish Macbeth 19 by M.C. Beaton. The last in Beaton's Hamish Macbeth series, Death of a Village, received glowing reviews from such publications as the New York Times Book Review, Kirkus Reviews, Chicago Sun Times, Philadelphia Inquirer, and Booklist, among others."
"Death of an Outsider Hamish Macbeth 3 by M.C. Beaton. From the author of the Agatha Raisin television series... Death of an Outsider A Hamish Macbeth Mystery The most hated man in the most dour town in Scotland is sleeping with the fishes, or more accurately dumped into a tank filled with crustaceans. All that remain of the murdered victim are his bones. But after the lobsters are shipped off to Britain's best restaurants, the whole affair quickly lands on the plate of Constable Hamish Macbeth. Exiled with his dog, Towser, to the dreary outpost of Cnothan, Macbeth sorely misses his beloved Lochdubh, his formerly beloved Priscilla Halburton Smythe, and his days of doing nothing but staring at the sheep grazing in a nearby croft. Now the lawman has to contend with a detective chief inspector who wants the modus operandi hushed up, a dark haired lass who has an ulterior motive to seduce him, and a killer who has made mincemeat of his victim and without doubt will strike again . . ."
Cliffs Notes on Shakespeare's Macbeth by Alex Went. No description available
"Death of an Addict Hamish Macbeth 15 by M.C. Beaton. From the author of the Agatha Raisin television series...DEATH OF AN ADDICT A Hamish Macbeth MysteryFormer drug addict Tommy Jarret rents a Scottish chalet to check out reports of a sea monster. But when he is found dead of an apparent drug overdose, constable Hamish Macbeth suspects foul play. Teaming with Glasgow Detective Inspector Olivia Chater, Macbeth goes undercover and dives into the underworld to root out a cartel secretly entrenched in the Highlands."
A Year in the Life of William Shakespeare 1599 by James Shapiro. No description available
Who Was William Shakespeare? by Celeste Davidson Mannis John O'Brien. No description available
"Planet of the Apes by Pierre Boulle Xan Fielding. Planet of the Apes started life in 1963 as a quirky work by Pierre Boulle, the French literary novelist famous for The Bridge over the River Kwai. His concept of a world where humans are ruled over by apes proceeded to become one of the biggest multi media sensations in history. The 1968 Charlton Heston motion picture adaptation of Boulle's book was celebrated and successful but was just the beginning. By 1973, said picture had spawned four sequels. It then spun off a live action TV series, which in turn spun off the animated TV show Return to the Planet of the Apes. With this, comic books, novelizations, and a tsunami of merchandising, the late '60s and first half of the '70s had a distinctly simian flavor. A new generation was introduced to the concept when, in 2001, Tim Burton's updating of the series appeared in cinemas. This itself was rebooted a decade later in the form of Rise of the Planet of the Apes and its two sequels. Yet despite all the fantasy and money chasing , the series has always been marked by thoughtfulness, exploring serious themes alien to most franchises. Planet of the Apes The Complete History explores every aspect of this phenomenon from books to films, comic books to television shows, and video games to merchandise providing an overview that is truly definitive. With the help of new and exclusive interviews with Planet of the Apes producers, directors, writers, actors, and makeup artists, Sean Egan attempts to gain an understanding of how a media property changed the world."
Planet of the Apes Colony by William T. Quick. No description available
Planet of the Apes Volume 1 Old Gods by Ian Edginton. The definitive unauthorized chronology Cover.
"Planet of the Apes The Fall by William T. Quick. Taking place before the original 1968 Planet of the Apes films, Ape Society has reached a new golden age, but there ar ripples of dissent in both ape and human ranks. Tensions will rise and soon all will be caught in the chaos! Taking place before the original Planet of the Apes movies, Ape and Human societies have reached a new golden age, gut peace never lasts for long. Ripples of dissent are spreading in both the Ape and Human ranks and when a mysterious assassin guns down the beloved Lawgiver, tensions will reach a boiling point! Can one human solve the mystery of the Lawgiver s murder before war engulfs all of society? Oris this the beginning of the end for Apes and Humans alike? Find out what happens 1,300 years before the arrival of Colonel Goerge Taylor in this story of the rise of the original Planet of the Apes. Collects the entire series for the first time from award winning novelist Daryl Gregory Dracula Company of Monsters, Spoonbenders and critically acclaimed artist Carlos Magno Lantern City, Captain Universe ."
Return to the Planet of the Apes 2 Escape from Terror Lagoon by William Arrow. No description available
"Return to the Planet of the Apes Visions from Nowhere by William Arrow. The first novel in the series, Return to the Planet of the Apes, in which astronauts, out of their time period, become involved with a society dominated by apes."
"Planet of the Apes The Human War by Ian Edginton. The epic conclusion of Daryl Gregory's PLANET OF THE APES opus! It s the final chapter of what Jason Aaron SCALPED, WOLVERINE AND THE X MEN called The best PLANET OF THE APES comic ever.And one of my favorite comics of the year, period. And this time writer Daryl DRACULA THE COMPANY OF MONSTERS is joined by the critically acclaimed artist Diego Barreto IRREDEEMABLE . When the Lawgiver was assassinated by a human, Ape City fell into a vicious civil war. Ten years have passed since the horrific violence and a fragile peace is emerging. Voice Alaya has been deposed and awaits sentencing in Ape City s prison. Meanwhile, Sully has begun to rally forces, both human and ape. Little do they know they re both on a collision course towards an even greater danger..."
Battle for the Planet of the Apes by David Gerrold John William Corrington Joyce Hooper Corrington. No description available
World War Z An Oral History of the Zombie War by Max Brooks. No description available
"The War of the Worlds by H.G. Wells Arthur C. Clarke. H. G. Wells's The War of the Worlds, the first story to speculate about the consequences of aliens from Mars with superior technology landing on earth, is one of the most influential science fiction books ever written. The novel is both a thrilling narrative and an elaboration of Wells's socio political thought on the subjects of imperialism, humankind's treatment of other animals, and unquestioning faith in military technology and the continuation of the human species. This edition's appendices include other related writings by Wells selected correspondence contemporary reviews excerpts from works that influenced the novel and from contemporary invasion narratives and photographs of examples of Victorian military technology."
"The Second World War A Complete History by Martin Gilbert. It began with the German invasion of Poland on September 1, 1939. By the time it came to an end on V J Day August 14, 1945 it had involved every major power and become global in its reach. In one brilliant volume, eminent historian Martin Gilbert offers the complete history of the Second World War."
A Short History of World War II by James L. Stokesbury. No description available
The Complete Science Fiction Treasury of H.G. Wells by H.G. Wells. The complete science fiction treasury of H.G. Wells.
"Best Science Fiction Stories of H. G. Wells by H.G. Wells. Complete text of The Invisible Man plus 17 short stories, including The Crystal Egg, Aepyornis Island, The Strange Orchid, The Man Who Could Work Miracles, and A Dream of Armageddon."
"The Invisible Man by H.G. Wells. A teacher of Wells, Stover emeritus, anthropology, Illinois Institute of Technology explicates one of Wells' scientific romances a genre that a 19th century critic called a condition of England novel reflecting the growing social unrest of the middle class. The editor introduces the text as science fiction and as a dialectic of human destiny, discusses the cryptic epilogue first included in this edition So ends the strange and evil experiment of the Invisible Man , and appends early reviews and other relevant commentary. c. Book News Inc."
The Hound of the Baskervilles by Arthur Conan Doyle Anne Perry Sidney Paget. No description available
"The Hound of the Baskervilles Sherlock Holmes 5 by Arthur Conan Doyle David Timson. The Hound of the Baskervilles is the tale of an ancient curse suddenly given a terrifying modern application. The grey towers of Baskerville Hall and the wild open country of Dartmoor hold many secrets for Holmes and Watson to unravel. The detective is contemptuous of supernatural manifestations, but the reader will remain perpetually haunted by the hound from the moor. The editor of this volume, W.W. Robson, was Emeritus David Masson Professor of English Literature at the University of Edinburgh and author of Modern English Literature. The general editor of the Oxford Sherlock Holmes, Owen Dudley Edwards, is Reader in History at the University of Edinburgh and author or The Quest for Sherlock Holmes A Biographical Study of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. The Hound of the Baskervilles is the tale of an ancient curse suddenly given a terrifying modern application. The grey towers of Baskerville Hall and the wild open country of Dartmoor hold many secrets for Holmes and Watson to unravel. The detective is contemptuous of supernatural manifestations, but the reader will remain perpetually haunted by the hound from the moor. The editor of this volume, W.W. Robson, was Emeritus David Masson Professor of English Literature at the University of Edinburgh and author of Modern English Literature. The general editor of the Oxford Sherlock Holmes, Owen Dudley Edwards, is Reader in History at the University of Edinburgh and author or The Quest for Sherlock Holmes A Biographical Study of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle."
"The Hound of the Baskervilles by Arthur Conan Doyle Pam Smy. The Hound of the Baskervilles is the tale of an ancient curse suddenly given a terrifying modern application. The grey towers of Baskerville Hall and the wild open country of Dartmoor hold many secrets for Holmes and Watson to unravel. The detective is contemptuous of supernatural manifestations, but the reader will remain perpetually haunted by the hound from the moor. The editor of this volume, W.W. Robson, was Emeritus David Masson Professor of English Literature at the University of Edinburgh and author of Modern English Literature. The general editor of the Oxford Sherlock Holmes, Owen Dudley Edwards, is Reader in History at the University of Edinburgh and author or The Quest for Sherlock Holmes A Biographical Study of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle."
Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Hound of the Baskervilles Great Illustrated Classics by Malvina G. Vogel Arthur Conan Doyle. The curse of a supernatural hound brings Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson to England's gloomy moor country to solve Sir Charles Baskerville's murder. Will they find the murderer in time to prevent another killing? And what strange secrets are the people in and around Baskerville Hall trying to hide? Follow the greatest detective of all time as he solves this baffling case! cover.
Jamie's Italy by Jamie Oliver David Loftus Chris Terry. No description available
Jamie's Dinners The Essential Family Cookbook by Jamie Oliver Marion Deuchars David Loftus Chris Terry. No description available
The Lake of Souls Cirque du Freak 10 by Darren Shan. The lives of Darren and Harkat are at risk as they face monstrous obstacles on a desperate quest to the Lake of Souls.
"Freak the Mighty Freak The Mighty 1 by Rodman Philbrick. Freak the Mighty joins the Scholastic Gold line, which features award winning and beloved novels. Includes exclusive bonus content!It has been over twenty years and more than two million copies, eight foreign editions, and a popular Miramax feature film since the world was introduced to this powerful story of a unique friendship between a troubled, oversized boy and the tiny, physically challenged genius who proves that courage comes in all sizes. This simple yet timeless story explores many themes, including bullying an important topic in today's schools. Freak the Mighty is sure to remain fresh, dramatic, and memorable for the next twenty years and beyond!"
Word Freak Heartbreak Triumph Genius and Obsession in the World of Competitive Scrabble Players by Stefan Fatsis. No description available
Vampire Mountain Cirque Du Freak 4 by Darren Shan. Now in paperback the gut wrenching first book in The Vampire Mountain trilogy.
"Jesus Freaks Stories of Those Who Stood for Jesus the Ultimate Jesus Freaks Jesus Freaks 1 by D.C. Talk The Voice of the Martyrs. You may think of martyrs as those who gave their lives for the faith in the early church. But today, Christians around the world continue to stand boldly for Christ despite ongoing persecution. These are their stories. Pastor Han Stabbed to death by North Korean agents for sharing the gospel with North Koreans in China Jean Pierre Werner and Rod Groenewald Killed in a Taliban attack on their home in Afghanistan Fatima Al Mutairi Killed by her brother after becoming a Christian in Saudi Arabia Habila Survived being shot in the face by Boko Haram militants after refusing to renounce Christ Persecution has always accompanied followers of Jesus, who invited His followers to come and die. Some were jeered at, and their backs were cut open with whips. Others were chained in prisons. Some died by stoning, some were sawed in half, and others were killed with the sword. Some went about wearing skins of sheep and goats, destitute and oppressed and mistreated. They were too good for this world, wandering over deserts and mountains, hiding in caves and holes in the ground. Hebrews 11 36 38 Faithful Christians around the world are still suffering and dying for the name of Christ. Their stories inspire and encourage each of us to follow Christ, no matter the cost."
"Trials of Death Cirque Du Freak 5 by Darren Shan. The trials seventeen ways to die unless the luck of the vampire is with you. Darren Shan must pass five fearsome Trials to prove himself to the vampire clan ? or face the stakes of the Hall of Death. But Vampire Mountain holds hidden threats. Sinister, potent forces are gathering in the darkness. In this nightmarish world of bloodshed and betrayal, death may be a blessing..."
Sister Freaks Stories of Women Who Gave Up Everything for God by Rebecca St. James Mary E. DeMuth Tracey Lawrence Elizabeth Jusino. Bestselling author and award winning singer Rebecca St. James brings together a group of inspirational true stories about young women who gave their all for Jesus.
Freaks of the Storm From Flying Cows to Stealing Thunder The World's Strangest True Weather Stories by Randy Cerveny. No description available
Freak Show Presenting Human Oddities for Amusement and Profit by Robert Bogdan. No description available
Live Like a Jesus Freak Spend Today as If It Were Your Last by D.C. Talk. No description available
Freaks! How to Draw Fantastic Fantasy Creatures by Steve Miller. Presents a how to drawing guide that offers in depth instructions for creating unique and bizarre anthropomorphic fantasy creatures.
"Jesus Freaks by Andre Duza. You may think of martyrs as those who gave their lives for the faith in the early church. But today, Christians around the world continue to stand boldly for Christ despite ongoing persecution. These are their stories. Pastor Han Stabbed to death by North Korean agents for sharing the gospel with North Koreans in China Jean Pierre Werner and Rod Groenewald Killed in a Taliban attack on their home in Afghanistan Fatima Al Mutairi Killed by her brother after becoming a Christian in Saudi Arabia Habila Survived being shot in the face by Boko Haram militants after refusing to renounce Christ Persecution has always accompanied followers of Jesus, who invited His followers to come and die. Some were jeered at, and their backs were cut open with whips. Others were chained in prisons. Some died by stoning, some were sawed in half, and others were killed with the sword. Some went about wearing skins of sheep and goats, destitute and oppressed and mistreated. They were too good for this world, wandering over deserts and mountains, hiding in caves and holes in the ground. Hebrews 11 36 38 Faithful Christians around the world are still suffering and dying for the name of Christ. Their stories inspire and encourage each of us to follow Christ, no matter the cost."
"Category Freaks Vol. 1 Category Freaks 1 by Sakurako Gokurakuin Lindsey Johnston. At the Faculty of Education for Apprentice Heroes, Chance, Xiong Mao, and Shadow undertake studies that will allow them to become super heroes capable of saving the world and its immediate vicinity . At least, they hope so! These three new recruits are about to discover the joys of university life, merciless competition between students, sadistic professors, and the stress of exams. A university that teaches how to manage one s media image and obtain one s super hero license what a concept! Fresh, original, and funny Freaks Squeele adopts the codes of the superhero comic book, then uncompromisingly and confidently turns them upside down. A breath of fresh air in the stereotypical universe of skin tight pandex and colored capes!"
"Hello Cruel World 101 Alternatives to Suicide for Teens Freaks and Other Outlaws by Kate Bornstein Sara Quin. Celebrated transsexual trailblazer Kate Bornstein has, with more humor and spunk than any other, ushered us into a world of limitless possibility through a daring re envisionment of the gender system as we know it. Here, Bornstein bravely and wittily shares personal and unorthodox methods of survival in an often cruel world. A one of a kind guide to staying alive outside the box, Hello, Cruel World is a much needed unconventional approach to life for those who want to stay on the edge, but alive. Hello, Cruel World features a catalog of 101 alternatives to suicide that range from the playful moisturize! , to the irreverent shatter some family values , to the highly controversial. Designed to encourage readers to give themselves permission to unleash their hearts' harmless desires, the book has only one directive Don't be mean. It is this guiding principle that brings its reader on a self validating journey, which forges wholly new paths toward a resounding decision to choose life. Tenderly intimate and unapologetically edgy, Kate Bornstein is the radical role model, the affectionate best friend, and the guiding mentor all in one."
Don't Get Too Comfortable The Indignities of Coach Class The Torments of Low Thread Count The Never Ending Quest for Artisanal Olive Oil and Other First World Problems by David Rakoff. No description available
"I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell Tucker Max 1 by Tucker Max. The highly entertaining and thoroughly reprehensible 1 New York Times bestseller now with sixteen pages of photos and a new introduction The New York Times . My name is Tucker Max, and I am an asshole. I get excessively drunk at inappropriate times, disregard social norms, indulge every whim, ignore the consequences of my actions, mock idiots and posers, sleep with more women than is safe or reasonable, and just generally act like a raging dickhead. But, I do contribute to humanity in one very important way I share my adventures with the world. from the Introduction Actual reader feedback I find it truly appalling that there are people in the world like you. You are a disgusting, vile, repulsive, repugnant, foul creature. Because of you, I don t believe in God anymore. No just God would allow someone like you to exist. I ll stay with God as my lord, but you are my savior. I just finished reading your brilliant stories, and I laughed so hard I almost vomited. I want to bring that kind of joy to people. You re an artist of the highest order and a true humanitarian to boot. I'm in both shock and awe at how much I want to be you."
"Holidays on Ice by David Sedaris. David Sedaris's beloved holiday collection is new again with six more pieces, including a never before published story. Along with such favoritesas the diaries of a Macy's elf and the annals of two very competitive families, are Sedaris's tales of tardy trick or treaters Us and Them the difficulties of explaining the Easter Bunny to the French Jesus Shaves what to do when you've been locked out in a snowstorm Let It Snow the puzzling Christmas traditions of other nations Six to Eight Black Men what Halloween at the medical examiner's looks like The Monster Mash and a barnyard secret Santa scheme gone awry Cow and Turkey . No matter what your favorite holiday, you won't want to miss celebrating it with the author who has been called one of the funniest writers alive Economist ."
The Long Walk The True Story of a Trek to Freedom by S awomir Rawicz. No description available
The Long Walk by Richard Bachman Stephen King. No description available
"Long Walk to Freedom Autobiography of Nelson Mandela by Nelson Mandela Kofi Annan Danny Glover. Essential reading for anyone who wants to understand history and then go out and change it. President Barack Obama Nelson Mandela was one of the great moral and political leaders of his time an international hero whose lifelong dedication to the fight against racial oppression in South Africa won him the Nobel Peace Prize and the presidency of his country. After his triumphant release in 1990 from more than a quarter century of imprisonment, Mandela was at the center of the most compelling and inspiring political drama in the world. As president of the African National Congress and head of South Africa's antiapartheid movement, he was instrumental in moving the nation toward multiracial government and majority rule. He is still revered everywhere as a vital force in the fight for human rights and racial equality. Long Walk to Freedom is his moving and exhilarating autobiography, destined to take its place among the finest memoirs of history's greatest figures. Here for the first time, Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela told the extraordinary story of his life an epic of struggle, setback, renewed hope, and ultimate triumph. The book that inspired the major motion picture Mandela Long Walk to Freedom."
Navajo Long Walk by Nancy M. Armstrong Paulette Livers Lambert. No description available
The Devil in the White City Murder Magic and Madness at the Fair that Changed America by Erik Larson. No description available
The Devil in the White City Murder Magic and Madness at the Fair That Changed America by Erik Larson. No description available
The Historian's Craft Reflections on the Nature and Uses of History and the Techniques and Methods of Those Who Write It. by Marc Bloch Peter Putnam Joseph Reese Strayer. No description available
Charles Dickens as a Legal Historian by William Holdsworth. No description available
The Progressive Historians Turner Beard Parrington Phoenix Book by Richard Hofstadter. No description available
What Did the Constitution Mean to Early Americans? Historians at Work by Edward Countryman. No description available
The Historian by Elizabeth Kostova Paul Michael Justine Eyre. No description available
See No Evil The True Story of a Ground Soldier in the CIA's War on Terrorism by Robert B. Baer. No description available
"In a Dry Season Inspector Banks 10 by Peter Robinson. New York Times bestselling and Edgar Award winning author Peter Robinson delivers an unforgettable, compelling thriller of a lost village and the deadly secrets that are unearthed upon its discovery secrets that include murder. In the blistering, dry summer, the waters of Thornfield Reservoir have been depleted, revealing the ruins of the small Yorkshire village that lay at its bottom ruins that house the unidentified bones of a murdered young woman. Detective Chief Inspector Banks faces a daunting challenge he must unmask a sadistic killer who has escaped detection for half a century. For the dark secrets of Hobb's End continue to haunt the dedicated policeman, even though the town that bred them has died and its former residents have been scattered to far places or even to their graves. Demonstrating once again why Peter Robinson is a master of suspense, In a Dry Season is a powerful, insightful, and searing novel of past crimes and present evil."
Plants and Landscapes for Summer Dry Climates of the San Francisco Bay Region by East Bay M. U. D. Staff Nora Harlow Jill M. Singleton Barrie D. Coate Kristine Sandoe. No description available
In Focus National Geographic Greatest Portraits by Leah Bendavid Val National Geographic Society. No description available
"Portrait Photographer's Handbook by Bill Hurter. With detailed, informative instructions for capturing personable and memorable yearbook photos, this reference presents step by step demonstrations on advertising, talking to clients, producing outstanding images, and finalizing a sale. Noting the delicate balance of pleasing parents and teens alike, this resource illustrates how to marry the latest fashion oriented photography trends with the needs of the family member who is paying for the session. A wealth of lighting and posing techniques combine with tips for analyzing the subject, choosing which features to accent and which to downplay, and creating alluring, fashionable looks that the whole family can appreciate. Emphasizing the value in allowing seniors to personalize their photos by bringing the shoot to their home or a more meaningful location, the guide also includes suggestions for incorporating additional visual elements such as pets, musical instruments, team uniforms, best friends, or significant others."
"Portrait in Death In Death 16 by J.D. Robb. In this novel in the 1 New York Times bestselling In Death series, Lieutenant Eve Dallas faces a serial killer who offers his victims eternal youth by taking their life After a tip from a reporter, Eve Dallas finds the body of a young woman in a Delancey street dumpster. Just hours before, the news station had mysteriously received a portfolio of professional portraits of the woman. The photos seemed to be nothing out of the ordinary for any pretty young woman starting a modeling career. Except that she wasn't a model. And that these photos were taken after she had been murdered. Now Dallas is on the trail of a killer who's a perfectionist and an artist. He carefully observes and records his victim's every move. And he has a mission to own every beautiful young woman's innocence, to capture her youth and vitality in one fateful shot..."
Posing for Portrait Photography A Head To Toe Guide by Jeff Smith. No description available
Le Portrait de Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde Michel Etienne Daniel Mortier. No description available
The Portrait of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde Elizabeth Gray. No description available
The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde Donald L. Lawler. No description available
The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde Michael Gillespie. No description available
The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde Joseph Bristow. No description available
An Arab Syrian Gentleman and Warrior in the Period of the Crusades Memoirs of Usamah Ibn Munqidh by Usamah ibn Munqidh Philip Khuri Hitti Richard W. Bulliet. No description available
Technical Manual and Dictionary of Classical Ballet by Gail Grant. No description available
The Ballet Companion A Dancer's Guide to the Technique Traditions and Joys of Ballet by Eliza Gaynor Minden. No description available
Ballet Class by John Green Caroline Denzler. No description available
NYC Ballet Workout by Peter Martins Paul Kolnik Richard Corman Howard Kaplan. No description available
The Illustrated Book of Ballet Stories with CD by Barbara Newman Gill Tomblin Darcey Bussell. No description available
"Lara's Leap of Faith The Royal Ballet School Diaries 2 by Alexandra Moss Veronica Bennett. Taking center stage this spring Ellie Brown in The Royal Ballet School Diaries! With a passion for dancing and the drive to succeed, Ellie, an American girl, will stop at nothing to achieve her dream of getting accepted as a ballet student at the Royal Ballet School in London. This new series is the perfect mix of ballet, friendship, competition, and taking chances!"
"Isabelle's Perfect Performance The Royal Ballet School Diaries 3 by Alexandra Moss. In their second term at the Royal Ballet School, Ellie and her friends prepare for an important appraisal of their dancing while also trying to get along with Isabelle, an unfriendly new girl."
The Barefoot Book Of Ballet Stories by Jane Yolen. No description available
"Boys or Ballet? Royal Ballet School Diaries 8 by Alexandra Moss. Being with Luke consumes Ellie's time, but when she is cast in the Royal Opera House's Christmas ballet, juggling homework, friends, rehearsals, and a boyfriend becomes too difficult and she must make a heart wrenching decision."
"101 Stories of the Great Ballets The Scene by Scene Stories of the Most Popular Ballets Old and New by George Balanchine Francis Mason. Authored by one of the ballet's most respected experts, this volume includes scene by scene retellings of the most popular classic and contemporary ballets, as performed by the world's leading dance companies. Certain to delight long time fans as well as those just discovering the beauty and drama of ballet."
Ballet for Dummies by Scott Speck Evelyn Cisneros. No description available
Time for Ballet by Ad le Geras Shelagh McNicholas Ad le Geras. No description available
Ballet in Western Culture A History of Its Origins and Evolution by Carol Lee. No description available
Angelina's Ballet Class by Katharine Holabird Helen Craig. No description available
"San Francisco Ballet at Seventy Five by Janice Ross Allan Ulrich Brigitte Lefevre. Long renowned as one of the world's preeminent ballet companies, San Francisco Ballet marks its seventy fifth anniversary with a stunningly beautiful retrospective. Replete with intimate portraits of the dancers and behind the scenes contributors, this book is the first serious depiction of America's oldest ballet company. Included in this deluxe package is a DVD that provides insight into the company's illustrious history and together with the book, tells the story of how San Francisco Ballet has forged a fresh identity for American dance and is now pioneering a new model of internationalism in the dance world."
Ballet and Modern Dance by Susan Au. No description available
Teaching Classical Ballet by John White. No description available
Drat! We're Rats! Scrambled Legs 1 by Jahnna N. Malcolm. No description available
Battle of the Bunheads Scrambled Legs 2 by Jahnna N. Malcolm. No description available
Blubberina Scrambled Legs 5 by Jahnna N. Malcolm. No description available
"The Books in My Life by Henry Miller. Some writers attempt to conceal the literary influences which have shaped their thinking but not Henry Miller. In this unique work, he gives an utterly candid and self revealing account of the reading he did during his formative years. In The Books in My Life he shares the thrills of discovery that many kinds of books have brought to a keenly curious and questioning mind. Some of Miller's favorite writers are the giants whom most of us revere authors such as Dostoievsky, Boccaccio, Walt Whitman, James Joyce, Thomas Mann, Lao Tse. To them he brings fresh and penetrating insights. But many are lesser known figures Krishnamurti, the prophet sage the French contemporaries Blaise Cendrars and Jean Giono Richard Jeffries, who wrote The Story of My Heart the Welshman John Cowper Powys and scores of others. The Books in My Life contains some fine autobiographical chapters, too. Miller describes his boyhood in Brooklyn, when he devoured the historical stories of G.A. Henty and the romances of Rider Haggard. He tells of the men and women whom he regards as living books Lou Jacobs, W.E.B. DuBois, Elizabeth Gurley Flynn, and others. He offers his reminiscences of the New York Theatre in the early 1900's including plays such as Alias Jimmy Valentine and Nellie, the Beautiful Cloak Model. And finally, in Miller's best vein of humor, he provides a satiric chapter on bathroom reading. In an appendix, Miller lists the hundred books that have influenced him most. New Directions Web site."
The Smoke Jumper by Nicholas Evans. No description available
Last Chance Saloon by Marian Keyes. No description available
"Anybody Out There? Walsh Family 4 by Marian Keyes. Bestselling author Marian Keyes has delighted readers with the lives, loves, and foibles of the irrepressible Walsh sisters and their eccentric mammy. In this Life in the Big Apple is perfect for Anna. She has the best job in the world, a lovely apartment, and great friends. Then one morning, she wakes up in her mammy's house in Dublin with stitches in her face, a dislocated knee, hands smashed up, and no memory at all of what happened. As soon as she's able, Anna's flying back to Manhattan, mystified but determined to find out how her life turned upside down. As her past slowly begins coming back to her, she sets out on an outrageous quest involving lilies, psychics, mediums, and anyone who can point her in the right direction. Marrying life's darker bits with wild humor and tender wit, Anybody Out There? is a strange and wonderfully charming look at love here and ever after."
"Watermelon Walsh Family 1 by Marian Keyes. When her husband, James, leaves her after she delivers her first child, Claire retires to her family in Dublin, where she slowly recovers from the experience, giving James a big surprise when he shows up againches NoveList."
"Rachel's Holiday Walsh Family 2 by Marian Keyes. The fast lane is much too slow for Rachel Walsh. And Manhattan is the perfect place for a young Irish female to overdo everything. But Rachel's love of a good time is about to land her in the emergency room. It will also cost her a job and the boyfriend she adores. When her loving family hustles her back home and checks her into Ireland's answer to the Betty Ford Clinic, Rachel is hopeful. Perhaps it will be lovely spa treatments, celebrities, that kind of thing. Instead, she finds a lot of group therapy, which leads her, against her will, to some important self knowledge. She will also find something that all women like herself fear a man who might actually be good for her."
Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married by Marian Keyes. No description available
Essays and Stories by Marian Keyes Bags Trips Make up Tips Charity Glory and the Darker Side of the Story by Marian Keyes. No description available
No Dress Rehearsal by Marian Keyes. Lizzie hasn't realized she is dead yet. Two spirits Jan and Jim help with her departure to the other side.
"Fullmetal Alchemist Vol. 10 by Hiromu Arakawa Akira Watanabe. In an alchemical ritual gone wrong, Edward Elric lost his arm and his leg, and his brother Alphonse became nothing but a soul in a suit of armor. Equipped with mechanical auto mail limbs, Edward becomes a state alchemist, seeking the one thing that can restore his brother and himself...the legendary Philosopher's Stone. Barry the Chopper, the psychopathic killer whose soul is encased in a suit of armor, has been captured by Colonel Mustang's troops. Fearing he will reveal the Philosopher's Stone conspiracy, Gluttony and Lust decide to kill him, using Barry's own original soulless body to track him down! Though Colonel Mustang has anticipated their moves and set up an ambush, Gluttony and Lust prove too powerful and easily fight their way through to Barry, who is being protected by Al and Lieutenant Hawkeye. In a terrible battle, a badly injured Colonel Mustang sacrifices all in a last ditch attempt to stop Lust!"
"Fullmetal Alchemist Vol. 5 Fullmetal Alchemist 5 by Hiromu Arakawa Akira Watanabe. In an alchemical ritual gone wrong, Edward Elric lost his arm and his leg, and his brother Alphonse became nothing but a soul in a suit of armor. Equipped with mechanical auto mail limbs, Edward becomes a state alchemist, seeking the one thing that can restore his brother and himself...the legendary Philosopher's Stone. Ed, Alphonse and their mechanic Winry go south in search of Izumi Curtis, the master alchemist who taught the brothers how to use alchemy. But in the boomtown of Rush Valley, an encounter with a pickpocket turns them down a different path in search of an auto mail blacksmith whose handiwork is the best that Winry has ever seen. Then the action flashes back to the past to show how Ed and Alphonse first learned alchemy..."
The House of the Spirits by Isabel Allende Magda Botin. No description available
"The House of the Spirits by Isabel Allende Madga Bogin Christopher Hitchens. Chilean writer Isabel Allende s classic novel is both a richly symbolic family saga and the riveting story of an unnamed Latin American country s turbulent history. In a triumph of magic realism, Allende constructs a spirit ridden world and fills it with colorful and all too human inhabitants. The Trueba family s passions, struggles, and secrets span three generations and a century of violent social change, culminating in a crisis that brings the proud and tyrannical patriarch and his beloved granddaughter to opposite sides of the barricades. Against a backdrop of revolution and counterrevolution, Allende brings to life a family whose private bonds of love and hatred are more complex and enduring than the political allegiances that set them at odds. The House of the Spirits not only brings another nation s history thrillingly to life, but also makes its people s joys and anguishes wholly our own."
How To Meditate An Anthology Of Talks On Meditation And Meditation The Bridge Is Flowing But The River Is Not by Frederick P. Lenz. No description available
"Insights Talks On The Nature Of Existence by Frederick P. Lenz. There is another side to life than that which most people are conscious or aware of, that side will bring you freedom and perfection. You can go beyond life and death in this world now. You can become free and luminous and no longer of this world although you will be in it, for a time. Rama"
Palestine Peace Not Apartheid by Jimmy Carter. PRESIDENT CARTER'S COURAGEOUS ASSESSMENT OF WHAT MUST BE DONE TO BRING PERMANENT PEACE TO ISRAEL WITH DIGNITY AND JUSTICE TO PALESTINE
Our Endangered Values America's Moral Crisis by Jimmy Carter. No description available
An Hour Before Daylight Memories of a Rural Boyhood by Jimmy Carter. No description available
The Real Jimmy Carter How Our Worst Ex President Undermines American Foreign Policy Coddles Dictators and Created the Party of Clinton and Kerry by Steven F. Hayward. No description available
The Virtues of Aging by Jimmy Carter. No description available
Living Faith by Jimmy Carter. No description available
Sharing Good Times by Jimmy Carter. Publisher Description
Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand. No description available
Skinny Legs and All by Tom Robbins. No description available
"Fannie Flagg's Original Whistle Stop Cafe Cookbook by Fannie Flagg. After the tremendous success of her novel, Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe, and the beloved movie that followed, author Fannie Flagg received thousands of requests from all over the world asking for recipes from the little cafe of her Alabama childhood that was the model for the cafe in her novel. Now, she joyfully shares those recipes, in what may well be the first cookbook ever written by a satisfied customer rather than a cook! Inside you'll find wonderful recipes for Skinless Fried Chicken Pork Chops with Apples and Sweet Potatoes Baked Ham and Pineapple Rings Baked Turkey with Traditional Cornbread Dressing Black eyed Peas Fried Okra Creamed Onions Broccoli Casserole Southern Cream Gravy Fried Catfish Scalloped Oysters Down Home Crab Cakes Beaten Biscuits Corn Pones Lemon Ice Box Pie Kentucky Bourbon Chocolate Pecan Pie And much more! The recipes in Fannie Flagg's Original Whistle Stop Cafe Cookbook are all for delicious hearty happy food that comes with all sorts of things, from gravies to hot sauces very often the secret's in the sauce . But most of all this food, and this book, comes with love. If you liked her novel, Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe, and if you liked the movie they made from that novel, you'll like this cookbook....It's funny, just like Flagg. Richmond Times Dispatch Recommended...All the traditional dishes are here, along with the author's irreverent, irresistible commentary on Southern cooking and culture. Library Journal Note This edition does not include photos."
Free Play Improvisation in Life and Art by Stephen Nachmanovitch. No description available
"The Sari Shop by Rupa Bajwa. A Gem Of A Novel About The Stuff Life'S Made Of It Is Another Working Day In Amritsar, And Ramchand Is Late Again. He Runs Through The Narrow Streets To Sevak Sari House, Buried In The Heart Of One Of The City'S Main Bazaars. There, Amongst The Bangladesh Cottons And Benaras Silks, Ramchand And His Fellow Shop Assistants Sit All Day, Patiently Rolling And Unrolling Yards Of Coloured Fabric. Then, One Afternoon, Ramchand Is Sent To A New Part Of The City With A Bundle Of Saris Carefully Selected For A Trousseau. His Trip To Kapoor House Jolts Him Out Of The Rhythm Of His Daily Routine And His Glimpse Into This Different World Charges Him With An Urgent Sense Of Possibility. And So, Armed With A Second Hand English Grammar Book And A Battered Oxford Dictionary, A Fresh Pair Of Socks And A Bar Of Lifebuoy Soap, Ramchand Attempts To Realize The Dream That His Childhood Had Promised. But Soon These Efforts Turn His Life Upside Down, Bringing Him Face To Face With The Cruel Reality Of His Very Existence. The Sari Shop Heralds The Arrival Of A Writer Who Combines A Profound Sensitivity With Humour And Unflinching Honesty. Rupa Bajwa'S Story Is Both Heartbreaking And Very Real, And Depicts A Modern World In Which Hope And Violence Are Permanently Entwined."
"Confessions of a Shopaholic Shopaholic 1 by Sophie Kinsella. Financial journalist Rebecca Bloomwood seeks solace from the boredom and pressures in life with her shopping, a solution that brings her close to financial disaster, until she encounters a story that will change her life."
"Shopaholic and Sister Shopaholic 4 by Sophie Kinsella. Rebecca is happily married to Luke. But suddenly into her life steps a sister, of whose existense Becky had been completely unaware. Becky is only too anxious to welcome Jessica into the family. There's only one snag Jessica hates shopping"
"Shopaholic Takes Manhattan Shopaholic 2 by Sophie Kinsella. TV financial guru Becky Bloomwood has finally paid off her debts and credit card bills, until her boyfriend, Luke, invites her to accompany him when he moves to New York, and she discovers sample sales, power lunches, and Fifth Avenue."
"Shopaholic Ties the Knot Shopaholic 3 by Sophie Kinsella. Becky Bloomwood is delighted when her boyfriend proposes, but her visions of a perfect wedding day dissolve as her mother plans a backyard wedding and her high society mother in law to be insists on a lavish affair at the Plaza Hotel."
Shopaholic Baby Shopaholic 5 by Sophie Kinsella. No description available
"The Secret Dreamworld of a Shopaholic Shopaholic 1 by Sophie Kinsella. Becky is a shopaholic who has lost the ability to say no. She tries making more money, she even tries cutting back, but neither seems to work. Now with her cards stopped and no credit she has to escape from this dream world, but how?"
The Story of Chicago May by Nuala O'Faolain. No description available
"Chicago Stories by James T. Farrell Charles Fanning. This distinctive collection features writings from Grant Pick s long, distinguished career in literary journalism. Pick had a uniquely open eye and ear for people who were in difficult situations, doing extraordinary things, or both. Most of his stories focus on interesting but overlooked Chicagoans, like the struggling owner of a laundrymat on the west side or the successful doctor who, as he faced his own death from cancer, strove to enlighten his colleagues in the field of medicine. As only a lifetime Chicagoan could, he described in tender detail the worlds in which people lived or worked, providing a look not just at one city s citizens but at humanity as a whole. Pick s widow and son curate this showcase of some of his most well remembered work, such as The Rag Man of Lincoln Park and Brother Bill. In these and all of his other works, Pick wrote from the front lines, speaking to people whom others might encounter everyday but never really see. He faithfully characterized his subjects, never denying them dignity or value and never judging them. In the mirror he held up to his city, Chicago could see the shared humanity of all its citizens."
Chicago Stories Tales of the City by John Miller Stuart Dybek. No description available
The Basic Works of Aristotle by Aristotle Richard Peter McKeon C.D.C. Reeve. No description available
Fear and Trembling and The Sickness Unto Death by S ren Kierkegaard Walter Lowrie. No description available
"Selections from Don Quixote Selecciones de Don Quijote de la Mancha by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra Stanley Appelbaum. How Don Quixote was knighted, his valiant battle with the windmills, and much more. English translations on facing pages of original Spanish text capture the flavor and romance of this literary masterpiece."
The Complete Collected Poems by Maya Angelou. No description available
Hegel's Phenomenology of Spirit by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel A.V. Miller John Niemeyer Findlay. No description available
Preface to the Phenomenology of Spirit by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel Yirmiyahu Yovel. No description available
Hegel's Phenomenology of Spirit by Martin Heidegger Kenneth Maly Parvis Emad. No description available
Plato Complete Works by Plato John M. Cooper Benjamin Jowett Dorothea Frede Alexander Nehamas Paul Woodruff Anthony Kenny Rosamond Kent Sprague Nicholas D. Smith Karen Bell D.S. Hutchinson Donald J. Zeyl Francisco J. Gonz lez Diskin Clay Malcolm Schofield Glenn R. Morrow Jonathan Barnes G.M.A. Grube Brad Inwood Mark Joyal Jackson P. Hershbell J.M. Edmonds C.D.C. Reeve Myles Burnyeat Nicholas P. White Mary Louise Gill C.J. Rowe Stanley Lombardo David Gallop Jeffrey Mitscherling Richard D. McKiharan Jr. Andrew S. Becker Mark Reuter M.J. Levett Paul Ryan. No description available
A Guided Tour of 5 Works by Plato Euthyphro Apology Crito Phaedo Cave by Christopher Biffle Plato. No description available
"Midnight for Charlie Bone The Children of the Red King 1 by Jenny Nimmo. A magical fantasy that is fast paced and easy to read. Charlie Bone has a special gift he can hear people in photographs talking.The fabulous powers of the Red King were passed down through his descendants, after turning up quite unexpectedly, in someone who had no idea where they came from. This is what happened to Charlie Bone, and to some of the children he met behind the grim, gray walls of Bloor's Academy. Charlie Bone has discovered an unusual gift he can hear people in photographs talking! His scheming aunts decide to send him to Bloor Academy, a school for genius's where he uses his gifts to discover the truth despite all the dangers that lie ahead."
The Midnight Mystery The Boxcar Children 95 by Gertrude Chandler Warner. Someone or something is making a mysterious tapping sound at midnight in the home of a famous inventor known for her one of a kind clocks. There is an invention convention taking place in the home and the Alden children are competitors at the convention. Does the mysterious tapping mean trouble for the convention? The children are determined to find out.
"Within a Budding Grove In Search of Lost Time 2 by Marcel Proust C.K. Scott Moncrieff Terence Kilmartin D.J. Enright. First published in 1919, Within a Budding Grove was awarded the Prix Goncourt, bringing the author immediate fame. In this second volume of In Search of Lost Time, the narrator turns from the childhood reminiscences of Swann s Way to memories of his adolescence. Having gradually become indifferent to Swann s daughter Gilberte, the narrator visits the seaside resort of Balbec with his grandmother and meets a new object of attention Albertine, a girl with brilliant, laughing eyes and plump, matt cheeks. For this authoritative English language edition, D. J. Enright has revised the late Terence Kilmartin s acclaimed reworking of C. K. Scott Moncrieff s translation to take into account the new definitive French editions of la recherch du temps perdu the final volume of these new editions was published by the Biblioth que de la Pl iade in 1989 ."
"Exclusion Embrace A Theological Exploration of Identity Otherness and Reconciliation by Miroslav Volf. Life at the end of the twentieth century presents us with a disturbing reality. Otherness, the simple fact of being different in some way, has come to be defined as in and of itself evil. Miroslav Volf contends that if the healing word of the gospel is to be heard today, Christian theology must find ways of speaking that address the hatred of the other. Reaching back to the New Testament metaphor of salvation as reconciliation, Volf proposes the idea of embrace as a theological response to the problem of exclusion. Increasingly we see that exclusion has become the primary sin, skewing our perceptions of reality and causing us to react out of fear and anger to all those who are not within our ever narrowing circle. In light of this, Christians must learn that salvation comes, not only as we are reconciled to God, and not only as we learn to live with one another , but as we take the dangerous and costly step of opening ourselves to the other, of enfolding him or her in the same embrace with which we have been enfolded by God."
"A Time to Embrace Timeless Love 2 by Karen Kingsbury. Karen Kingsbury s celebrated series about the resiliency of love, the power of commitment, and the faithfulness of God now in one e Book collection! A Time to Dance John and Abby are ready to call it quits. But is it ever too late to love? They re the perfect couple envied by their friends, cherished by their children. But John and Abby Reynolds know they re just pretending. In fact, they re waiting for the right time to tell the kids they re going to divorce. But at the family meeting where they plan to tell them, Nicole shares a surprise of her own she s getting married. How can they spoil her joy? They'll pretend a little longer until after the wedding. But questions begin to haunt them as the date draws nearer. Are their love and commitment still there under all the pain and misunderstanding? And is it still possible, alone in the moonlight, to once more find a time to dance? A Time to Embrace Their whole life together has been a series of miracles. Can they really hope for more? After overcoming a crisis in their marriage, Abby and John are experiencing a season of joy and restoration. For the first time in years they re making time to enjoy life and embrace each other. But then a car accident causes them to suddenly face a future they never imagined. Fumbling for forgiveness and hoping for a miracle, they must remember what is important and cling to that above all else. A powerful story of the resilience of love Contains both books in the Timeless Love Series Book 1 A Time to Dance Book 2 A Time to Embrace Includes discussion questions for book clubs"
"Devil's Embrace Devil 1 by Catherine Coulter. Lord Anthony Welles kidnaps Cassandra Brougham, takes her away from her English fianc to Italy, and attempts to force her to marry him."
The Book of Embraces by Eduardo Galeano Cedric Belfrage Mark Schafer. No description available
Experiencing Father's Embrace by Jack Frost. No description available
A Time to Embrace Same Gender Relationships in Religion Law and Politics by William Stacy Johnson. No description available
"Memory's Embrace Corbins 3 by Linda Lael Miller. A classic Western romance from beloved 1 New York Times bestselling author Linda Lael Miller. In the wilderness of 1880s Oregon, beautiful Tess Bishop was captivated by the most fascinating stranger ever to drift into her small lumber town a man as handsome and cultured as he was mysterious. Soon she discovered he was really Keith Corbin torn by a terrible grief, fleeing his memories and the rich privilege of his former life. Bravely, Tess helped him hide his identity, and willingly, she joined him on his flight. She vowed to make him forget the sorrow that kept him on the run...and free his soul at last for the sweet fullness of her love!"
Beauty The Invisible Embrace by John O'Donohue. No description available
"Embrace by Mark Behr. Life at the end of the twentieth century presents us with a disturbing reality. Otherness, the simple fact of being different in some way, has come to be defined as in and of itself evil. Miroslav Volf contends that if the healing word of the gospel is to be heard today, Christian theology must find ways of speaking that address the hatred of the other. Reaching back to the New Testament metaphor of salvation as reconciliation, Volf proposes the idea of embrace as a theological response to the problem of exclusion. Increasingly we see that exclusion has become the primary sin, skewing our perceptions of reality and causing us to react out of fear and anger to all those who are not within our ever narrowing circle. In light of this, Christians must learn that salvation comes, not only as we are reconciled to God, and not only as we learn to live with one another , but as we take the dangerous and costly step of opening ourselves to the other, of enfolding him or her in the same embrace with which we have been enfolded by God."
Saving Fish from Drowning by Amy Tan. No description available
Un Lugar Llamado Nada by Amy Tan Claudia Conde. No description available
Virginia Woolf An Inner Life by Julia Briggs. No description available
Measure for Measure by William Shakespeare. No description available
"Henry Adams and the Making of America by Garry Wills. Bestselling author Wills showcases Henry Adams little known but seminal studyof the early United States, and draws from it fresh insights on the paradoxesthat roil America to this day."
"Persepolis The Story of a Childhood Persepolis 1 by Marjane Satrapi Mattias Ripa. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER Wise, funny, and heartbreaking, Persepolis is Marjane Satrapi s acclaimed graphic memoir of growing up in Iran during the Islamic Revolution. A wholly original achievement.... Satrapi evokes herself and her schoolmates coming of age in a world of protests and disappearances.... A stark, shocking impact. The New York Times The 50 Best Memoirs of the Past 50 Years One of the New York Times s 100 Best Books of the 21st Century In powerful black and white comic strip images, Satrapi tells the coming of age story of her life in Tehran from ages six to fourteen, years that saw the overthrow of the Shah s regime, the triumph of the Islamic Revolution, and the devastating effects of war with Iraq. The intelligent and outspoken only child of committed Marxists and the great granddaughter of one of Iran s last emperors, Marjane bears witness to a childhood uniquely entwined with the history of her country. Persepolis paints an unforgettable portrait of daily life in Iran and of the bewildering contradictions between home life and public life. Marjane s child s eye view of dethroned emperors, state sanctioned whippings, and heroes of the revolution allows us to learn as she does the history of this fascinating country and of her own extraordinary family. Intensely personal, profoundly political, and wholly original, Persepolis is at once a story of growing up and a reminder of the human cost of war and political repression. It shows how we carry on, with laughter and tears, in the face of absurdity. And, finally, it introduces us to an irresistible little girl with whom we cannot help but fall in love."
"Persepolis 2 The Story of a Return Persepolis 2 by Marjane Satrapi Anjali Singh. The fascinating continuation of the best selling Persepolis, one of the freshest and most original memoirs of our day Los Angeles Times . Marjane Satrapi dazzles with her heartrending graphic memoir about growing up in Iran during the Islamic Revolution. In 1984, Marjane flees fundamentalism and the war with Iraq to begin a new life in Vienna. Once there, she faces the trials of adolescence far from her friends and family, and while she soon carves out a place for herself among a group of fellow outsiders, she continues to struggle for a sense of belonging. Finding that she misses her home more than she can stand, Marjane returns to Iran after graduation. Her difficult homecoming forces her to confront the changes both she and her country have undergone in her absence and her shame at what she perceives as her failure in Austria. Marjane allows her past to weigh heavily on her until she finds some like minded friends, falls in love, and begins studying art at a university. However, the repression and state sanctioned chauvinism eventually lead her to question whether she can have a future in Iran. As funny and poignant as its predecessor, Persepolis 2 is another clear eyed and searing condemnation of the human cost of fundamentalism. In its depiction of the struggles of growing up here compounded by Marjane s status as an outsider both abroad and at home it is raw, honest, and incredibly illuminating."
Chicken with Plums by Marjane Satrapi. No description available
"Embroideries by Marjane Satrapi Anjali Singh. A collection of stories and anecdotes, told in the form of a graphic novel, reveals the love and sex lives of a group of women as revealed during an afternoon of conversation and tea drinking in which the author's grandmother, mother, eccentric aunt, and friends share their thoughts on sex, love, and the peculiarities of Iranian men. 50,000 first printing."
The Shadow of the Wind The Cemetery of Forgotten Books 1 by Carlos Ruiz Zaf n Lucia Graves. No description available
"Peter and the Shadow Thieves Peter and the Starcatchers 2 by Dave Barry Ridley Pearson Greg Call. In this riveting and adventure packed follow up to Peter and the Starcatchers, we discover Peter leaving the relative safety of Mollusk Island along with his trusted companion Tinker Bell for the cold, damp streets of London. On a difficult journey across the sea, he and Tink discover the dark and deadly, slithering part man part creature Lord Ombra. It seems that the dreaded Ombra has a variety of mysterious powers including the ability to make shadows disappear."
Ender's Shadow The Shadow Series 1 by Orson Scott Card. Ender's Game series 2.
"Shadow of the Hegemon The Shadow Series 2 by Orson Scott Card. The War is over, won by Ender Wiggin and his team of brilliant child warriors. The enemy is destroyed, the human race is saved. Ender himself refuses to return to the planet, but his crew has gone home to their families, scattered across the globe. The battle school is no more. But with the external threat gone, the Earth has become a battlefield once more. The children of the Battle School are more than heroes they are potential weapons that can bring power to the countries that control them. One by one, all of Ender's Dragon Army are kidnapped. Only Bean escapes and he turns for help to Ender's brother Peter. Peter Wiggin, Ender's older brother, has already been manipulating the politics of Earth from behind the scenes. With Bean's help, he will eventually rule the world. Shadow of the Hegemon is the second novel in Orson Scott Card's Shadow Series. THE ENDER UNIVERSE Ender series Ender s Game Ender in Exile Speaker for the Dead Xenocide Children of the Mind Ender s Shadow series Ender s Shadow Shadow of the Hegemon Shadow Puppets Shadow of the Giant Shadows in Flight Children of the Fleet The First Formic War with Aaron Johnston Earth Unaware Earth Afire Earth Awakens The Second Formic War with Aaron Johnston The Swarm The Hive Ender novellas A War of Gifts First Meetings At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
"Shadow Dance Buchanan Renard 6 by Julie Garwood. Jordan Buchanan is thrilled that her brother and best friend are tying the knot. The wedding is a lavish affair for the marriage of Dylan Buchanan and Kate MacKenna is no ordinary occasion. It represents the joining of two family dynasties. The ceremony and reception proceed without a hitch until a crasher appears claiming to be a MacKenna guest. The disheveled and eccentric professor of medieval history warns that there s bad blood between the couple s clans, stemming from an ancient feud that originated in Scotland, and involving the Buchanan theft of a coveted MacKenna treasure. Jordan has always led a cautious life and has used her intelligence and reason to become a successful businesswoman. So she is intrigued but skeptical of the professor s claims that the feud has been kept alive by the grave injustices the Buchanans have perpetrated over the centuries. But when Noah Clayborne, a close family friend and a man who has never let a good time or a pretty girl pass him by, accuses Jordan of being trapped in her comfort zone, she determines to prove him wrong and sets out on a spontaneous adventure to the small, dusty town of Serenity, Texas, to judge the professor s research for herself. Maneuvering through a close knit community in which everyone knows everyone else s business, Jordan never anticipates the danger and intrigue that lie in her path, nor the threat that will shadow her back to Boston, where even in familiar surroundings, her life is at risk. A powerful thug who rules by fear, a man who harbors a simmering secret, and an unexpected romance that pierces all defenses beloved author Julie Garwood weaves these dazzling elements into a brilliant novel of romantic suspense. Shadow Dance is a searing tango of passion and peril."
"The Shadow Rising The Wheel of Time 4 by Robert Jordan. The Wheel of Time R is a PBS Great American Read Selection Now in development for TV Since its debut in 1990, The Wheel of Time R by Robert Jordan has captivated millions of readers around the globe with its scope, originality, and compelling characters. The Wheel of Time turns and Ages come and go, leaving memories that become legend. Legend fades to myth, and even myth is long forgotten when the Age that gave it birth returns again. In the Third Age, an Age of Prophecy, the World and Time themselves hang in the balance. What was, what will be, and what is, may yet fall under the Shadow. The seals of Shayol Ghul are weak now, and the Dark One reaches out. The Shadow is rising to cover humankind. In Tar Valon, Min sees portents of hideous doom. Will the White Tower itself be broken? In the Two Rivers, the Whitecloaks ride in pursuit of a man with golden eyes, and in pursuit of the Dragon Reborn. In Cantorin, among the Sea Folk, High Lady Suroth plans the return of the Seanchan armies to the mainland. In the Stone of Tear, the Lord Dragon considers his next move. It will be something no one expects, not the Black Ajah, not Tairen nobles, not Aes Sedai, not Egwene or Elayne or Nynaeve. Against the Shadow rising stands the Dragon Reborn... TV series update Sony will produce along with Red Eagle Entertainment and Radar Pictures. Rafe Judkins is attached to write and executive produce. Judkins previously worked on shows such as ABC's Agents of SHIELD, the Netflix series Hemlock Grove, and the NBC series Chuck. Red Eagle partners Rick Selvage and Larry Mondragon will executive produce along with Radar's Ted Field and Mike Weber. Darren Lemke will also executive produce, with Jordan's widow Harriet McDougal serving as consulting producer. Variety The Wheel of Time R New Spring The Novel 1 The Eye of the World 2 The Great Hunt 3 The Dragon Reborn 4 The Shadow Rising 5 The Fires of Heaven 6 Lord of Chaos 7 A Crown of Swords 8 The Path of Daggers 9 Winter's Heart 10 Crossroads of Twilight 11 Knife of Dreams By Robert Jordan and Brandon Sanderson 12 The Gathering Storm 13 Towers of Midnight 14 A Memory of Light By Robert Jordan and Teresa Patterson The World of Robert Jordan's The Wheel of Time By Robert Jordan, Harriet McDougal, Alan Romanczuk, and Maria Simons The Wheel of Time Companion By Robert Jordan and Amy Romanczuk Patterns of the Wheel Coloring Art Based on Robert Jordan's The Wheel of Time"
The Shadow Party How George Soros Hillary Clinton and Sixties Radicals Seized Control of the Democratic Party by David Horowitz Richard Poe. No description available
"Cast in Shadow Chronicles of Elantra 1 by Michelle Sagara Michelle Sagara West. A powerful young warrior must return to the perilous city she escaped years ago in the New York Times bestselling author s fantasy series debut. Seven years ago Kaylin fled the crime riddled streets of Nightshade, knowing that something was after her. Children were being murdered and every victim had the same odd markings that had mysteriously appeared on her own skin. . . . Since then, Kaylin has learned to read, she s learned to fight, and she s become one of the vaunted Hawks who patrol and police the City of Elantra. Alongside the winged Aerians and the immortal Barrani, she s made a place for herself, far from the mean streets of her birth. But now children are dying once again. And a dark and familiar pattern is emerging. Kaylin is ordered back into Nightshade with a partner she knows she can t trust, a dragon for a companion, and a device to contain her powers powers that no other human has. Her task is simple find the killer, stop the murders . . . and survive the attentions of those who claim to be her allies . . ."
Owning Your Own Shadow Understanding the Dark Side of the Psyche by Robert A. Johnson. No description available
In Praise of Shadows by Jun'ichir Tanizaki Thomas J. Harper Edward G. Seidensticker. No description available
"Shadow of the Almighty The Life and Testament of Jim Elliot by Elisabeth Elliot. Shadow of the Almighty is the bestselling account of the martyrdom of Jim Elliot and four other missionaries at the hands of the Huaorani Indians in Ecuador. Elizabeth Elliot's account is more than inspirational reading, it belongs to the very heartbeat of evangelic witness Christianity Today."
"Shadow Game GhostWalkers 1 by Christine Feehan. 1 New York Times bestselling author Christine Feehan plunges readers into the darkest recesses of the mind as a man and a woman discover the terrifying power and the forbidden passion that could destroy them both in the first novel in the GhostWalker series. The brainchild of renowned scientist Peter Whitney and his brilliant daughter, Lily, the GhostWalker experiment was created to enhance the psychic abilities of an elite squadron, transforming their natural telekenetic powers into a unique military weapon. But something has gone wrong... In the isolated underground, the men have been dying, victims of bizarre accidents. Captain Ryland Miller knows he is next. When Dr. Whitney himself is murdered, Ryland has only one person left to trust the beautiful Lily. Possessed of an uncanny sixth sense herself, Lily shares Ryland s every new fear, every betrayal, every growing suspicion, and every passionate beat of the heart. Together, they will be drawn deeper into the labyrinth of her father s past...and closer to a secret that someone would kill to keep hidden."
"The Elephant Vanishes by Haruki Murakami Alfred Birnbaum Jay Rubin. In the tales that make up The Elephant Vanishes, the imaginative genius that has made Haruki Murakami an international superstar is on full display. In these stories, a man sees his favorite elephant vanish into thin air a newlywed couple suffers attacks of hunger that drive them to hold up a McDonald s in the middle of the night and a young woman discovers that she has become irresistible to a little green monster who burrows up through her backyard. By turns haunting and hilarious, in The Elephant Vanishes Murakami crosses the border between separate realities and comes back bearing remarkable treasures. Includes the story Barn Burning, which is the basis for the major motion picture Burning."
Sputnik Sweetheart by Haruki Murakami Philip Gabriel. No description available
Back to Wando Passo by David Payne. No description available
Still Life with Woodpecker by Tom Robbins. No description available
Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas by Tom Robbins. No description available
PanAroma Jitterbug Perfume by Tom Robbins Nikolaus Hansen. No description available
Ein Platz f r Hot Dogs Another Roadside Attraction by Tom Robbins Pociao Roberto de Hollanda. No description available
Halbschlaf im Froschpyjama by Tom Robbins Pociao Walter Hartmann. No description available
"God Bless You Mr. Rosewater by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Vonnegut at his wildest best. The New York Times Book Review Eliot Rosewater drunk, volunteer fireman, and President of the fabulously rich Rosewater Foundation is about to attempt a noble experiment with human nature . . . with a little help from writer Kilgore Trout. God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater is Kurt Vonnegut s funniest satire, an etched in acid portrayal of the greed, hypocrisy, and follies of the flesh we are all heir to. A brilliantly funny satire on almost everything. Conrad Aiken Vonnegut was our finest black humorist. . . . We laugh in self defense. The Atlantic Monthly"
Wampeters Foma and Granfalloons by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. No description available
"Mother Night by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Vonnegut is George Orwell, Dr. Caligari and Flash Gordon compounded into one writer . . . a zany but moral mad scientist. Time Mother Night is a daring challenge to our moral sense. American Howard W. Campbell, Jr., a spy during World War II, is now on trial in Israel as a Nazi war criminal. But is he really guilty? In this brilliant book rife with true gallows humor, Vonnegut turns black and white into a chilling shade of gray with a verdict that will haunt us all. A great artist. Cincinnati Enquirer A shaking up in the kaleidoscope of laughter . . . Reading Vonnegut is addictive! Commonweal"
Gal pagos by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. No description available
Timequake by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. No description available
Slapstick or Lonesome No More! by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. No description available
"Like Shaking Hands with God A Conversation About Writing by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. Lee Stringer. Like Shaking Hands with God details a collaborative journey on the art of writing undertaken by two distinguished writers separated by age, race, upbringing, and education, but sharing common goals and aspirations. Rarely have two writers spoken so candidly about the intersection where the lives they live meet the art they practice. That these two writers happen to be Kurt Vonnegut and Lee Stringer makes this a historic and joyous occasion. The setting was a bookstore in New York City, the date Thursday, October 1, 1998. Before a crowd of several hundred, Vonnegut and Stringer took up the challenge of writing books that would make a difference and the concomitant challenge of living from day to day. As Vonnegut said afterward, It was a magical evening. A book for anyone interested in why the simple act of writing things down can be more important than the amount of memory in our computers."
"Palm Sunday An Autobiographical Collage by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Kurt Vonnegut is either the funniest serious writer around or the most serious funny writer. Los Angeles Times Book Review In this self portrait by an American genius, Kurt Vonnegut writes with beguiling wit and poignant wisdom about his favorite comedians, country music, a dead friend, a dead marriage, and various cockamamie aspects of his all too human journey through life. This is a work that resonates with Vonnegut s singular voice the magic sound of a born storyteller mesmerizing us with truth. Vonnegut is at the top of his form, and it is wonderful. Newsday"
Sun Moon Star by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. Ivan Chermayeff. No description available
Cat's Cradle God Bless You Mr. Rosewater Breakfast of Champions by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. No description available
Bradbury Stories 100 of His Most Celebrated Tales by Ray Bradbury. No description available
"Farewell Summer Green Town 3 by Ray Bradbury. The master of American fiction returns to the territory of his beloved classic, Dandelion Wine a sequel 50 years in the making Some summers refuse to end . . . October 1st, the end of summer. The air is still warm, but fall is in the air. Thirteen year old Douglas Spaulding, his younger brother Tom, and their friends do their best to take advantage of these last warm days, rampaging through the ravine, tormenting the girls . . . and declaring war on the old men who run Green Town, IL. For the boys know that Colonel Quartermain and his cohorts want nothing more than to force them to put away their wild ways, to settle down, to grow up. If only, the boys believe, they could stop the clock atop the courthouse building. Then, surely, they could hold onto the last days of summer . . . and their youth. But the old men were young once, too. And Quartermain, crusty old guardian of the school board and town curfew, is bent on teaching the boys a lesson. What he doesn t know is that before the last leaf turns, the boys will give him a gift they will teach him the importance of not being afraid of letting go."
"Classic Stories 1 The Golden Apples of the Sun R is for Rocket by Ray Bradbury. Creative Education is proud to present an award winning collection of books from Creative Editions. Recognized around the world for their excellence in writing, illustration and design, Creative Editions' titles will introduce your students to some of the finest books published today, from wonderful original works to the best loved classics. Enchanting, exquisite and entertaining, each and every one of these stories will be a prized possession for you and your readers."
Dandelion Wine by Ray Bradbury. No description available
The Homecoming by Ray Bradbury Dave McKean. No description available
Zen in the Art of Writing Essays on Creativity by Ray Bradbury. No description available
Switch on the Night by Ray Bradbury Leo Dillon Diane Dillon. No description available
The Best of Ray Bradbury by Ray Bradbury Dave Gibbons Richard Corben Mike Mignola. No description available
The Bradbury Chronicles The Life of Ray Bradbury by Sam Weller. No description available
The Cat's Pajamas by Ray Bradbury. No description available
Essays by George Orwell John Carey. No description available
"Why I Write by George Orwell. George Orwell set out 'to make political writing into an art', and to a wide extent this aim shaped the future of English literature his descriptions of authoritarian regimes helped to form a new vocabulary that is fundamental to understanding totalitarianism. While 1984 and Animal Farm are amongst the most popular classic novels in the English language, this new series of Orwell's essays seeks to bring a wider selection of his writing on politics and literature to a new readership. In Why I Write, the first in the Orwell's Essays series, Orwell describes his journey to becoming a writer, and his movement from writing poems to short stories to the essays, fiction and non fiction we remember him for. He also discusses what he sees as the 'four great motives for writing' 'sheer egoism', 'aesthetic enthusiasm', 'historical impulse' and 'political purpose' and considers the importance of keeping these in balance. Why I Write is a unique opportunity to look into Orwell's mind, and it grants the reader an entirely different vantage point from which to consider the rest of the great writer's oeuvre."
Homage to Catalonia by George Orwell Lionel Trilling. No description available
Keep the Aspidistra Flying by George Orwell. No description available
"The Orwell Reader Fiction Essays and Reportage by George Orwell Richard H. Rovere. 1. Prologue in Burma Shooting an elephant A hanging From Burmese days 2. The thirties From Down and out in Paris and London How the poor die From A clergyman's daughter From Keep the aspidistra flying From The road to Wigan Pier From Homage to Catalonia From Coming up for air 3. World War II and after From The lion and the unicorn socialism and the English genius England your England Rudyard Kipling Politics vs. literature an examination of Gulliver's travels Lear, Tolstoy and the Fool In defense of P.G. Wodehouse Reflections on Gandhi Second thoughts on James Burnham Politics and the English language The prevention of literature I write as I please Decline of the English murder Some thoughts on the common toad A good word for the vicar of Bray Why I write From Nineteen eighty four Such, such were the joys ..."
If on a Winter's Night a Traveler by Italo Calvino William Weaver Peter Washington. No description available
Parachutes Kisses by Erica Jong. No description available
"Fear of Fifty A Midlife Memoir by Erica Jong. Seducing the Demon has introduced Erica Jong to readers who hadn't been born when Fear of Flying was published in 1973. Now one of her finest works of nonfiction and a New York Times bestseller is back in print with a new afterword. In Fear of Fifty, a New York Times bestseller when first published in 1994, Erica Jong looks to the second half of her life and goes right to the jugular of the women who lived wildly and vicariously through Fear of Flying Publishers Weekly , delivering highly entertaining stories and provocative insights on sex, marriage, aging, feminism, and motherhood. What Jong calls a midlife memoir is a slice of autobiography that ranks in honesty, self perception and wisdom with works by Simone de Beauvoir and Mary McCarthy, wrote the Sunday Times U.K. . Although Jong's memoir of a Jewish American princess is wittier than either."
How to Save Your Own Life An Isadora Wing Novel by Erica Jong Anthony Burgess. No description available
Any Woman's Blues by Erica Jong. No description available
"What Do Women Want? Essays by Erica Jong by Erica Jong. Erica Jong's two rules of writing are never cut funny and keep the pages turning. And Jong delivers in these twenty six essays, coupling frank and risqu? stories about her own life with provocative pieces on her passion for politics, literature, Italy, and yes sex. Originally published in 1998, this updated edition features four new essays. What Do Women Want? offers a startlingly original look at where women are and where they need to be in the twenty first century Are women better off today than they were twenty five years ago? Has burning pre nup agreements become the new peak of romance? Why do our greatest women writers too often get dissed and overlooked? Why do powerful women scare men? And who is the perfect man? How does the mother daughter relationship influence cycles of feminism and backlash? Will Hillary become president? What is sexy?"
Fanny Being the True History of the Adventures of Fanny Hackabout Jones by Erica Jong. No description available
Serenissima aka Shylock's Daughter by Erica Jong. No description available
Dogeaters by Jessica Hagedorn. No description available
Crescent and Star Turkey Between Two Worlds by Stephen Kinzer. No description available
"Love in the Time of Cholera by Gabriel Garc a M rquez Edith Grossman. INTERNATIONAL BESTSELLER A love story of astonishing power Newsweek , the acclaimed modern literary classic by the beloved Nobel Prize winning author. In their youth, Florentino Ariza and Fermina Daza fall passionately in love. When Fermina eventually chooses to marry a wealthy, well born doctor, Florentino is devastated, but he is a romantic. As he rises in his business career he whiles away the years in 622 affairs yet he reserves his heart for Fermina. Her husband dies at last, and Florentino purposefully attends the funeral. Fifty years, nine months, and four days after he first declared his love for Fermina, he will do so again."
El amor en los tiempos del c lera by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. No description available
Gabriel Garcia Marquez's Love in the Time of Cholera A Reader's Guide by Thomas Fahy. No description available
The Unbearable Lightness of Being by Milan Kundera Michael Henry Heim. No description available
"Obasan by Joy Kogawa. Winner of the American Book Award Based on the author's own experiences, this award winning novel was the first to tell the story of the evacuation, relocation, and dispersal of Canadian citizens of Japanese ancestry during the Second World War."
Ender's Game Boxed Set Ender's Game Ender's Shadow Shadow of the Hegemon by Orson Scott Card. No description available
The Audacity of Hope Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream by Barack Obama. No description available
Mao The Unknown Story by Jung Chang Jon Halliday. No description available
"The Art of War by Mao Zedong. Widely regarded as The Oldest Military Treatise in the World, this landmark work covers principles of strategy, tactics, maneuvering, communication, and supplies the use of terrain, fire, and the seasons of the year the classification and utilization of spies the treatment of soldiers, including captives, all have a modern ring to them."
"Oracle Bones A Journey Between China's Past and Present by Peter Hessler. A century ago, outsiders saw China as a place where nothing ever changes. Today the country has become one of the most dynamic regions on earth. In Oracle Bones, Peter Hessler explores the human side of China's transformation, viewing modern day China and its growing links to the Western world through the lives of a handful of ordinary people. In a narrative that gracefully moves between the ancient and the present, the East and the West, Hessler captures the soul of a country that is undergoing a momentous change before our eyes."
The Wild Swans by Peg Kerr. No description available
Women in Love by D.H. Lawrence. No description available
Women Who Love Too Much by Robin Norwood. No description available
"Men Who Hate Women and the Women Who Love Them When Loving Hurts and You Don't Know Why by Susan Forward Joan Torres. Is this the way love is supposed to feel? Does the man you love assume the right to control how you live and behave? Have you given up important activities or people to keep him happy? Is he extremely jealous and possessive? Does he switch from charm to anger without warning? Does he belittle your opinions, your feelings, or your accomplishments? Does he withdraw love, money, approval, or sex to punish you? Does he blame you for everything that goes wrong in the relationship? Do you find yourself walking on eggs and apologizing all the time? If the questions here reveal a familiar pattern, you may be in love with a misogynist a man who loves you, yet causes you tremendous pain because he acts as if he hates you. In this superb self help guide, Dr. Susan Forward draws on case histories and the voices of men and women trapped in these negative relationships to help you understand your man s destructive pattern and the part you play in it. She shows how to break the pattern, heal the hurt, regain your self respect, and either rebuild your relationship or find the courage to love a truly loving man. BONUS This edition contains an excerpt from Susan Forward's Toxic Parents."
"A Walk in the Woods Rediscovering America on the Appalachian Trail by Bill Bryson. God only knows what possessed Bill Bryson, a reluctant adventurer if ever there was one, to undertake a gruelling hike along the world's longest continuous footpath The Appalachian Trail. The 2,000 plus mile trail winds through 14 states, stretching along the east coast of the United States, from Georgia to Maine. It snakes through some of the wildest and most spectacular landscapes in North America, as well as through some of its most poverty stricken and primitive backwoods areas. With his offbeat sensibility, his eye for the absurd, and his laugh out loud sense of humour, Bryson recounts his confrontations with nature at its most uncompromising over his five month journey. An instant classic, riotously funny, A Walk in the Woods will add a whole new audience to the legions of Bill Bryson fans."
A Walk in the Woods Stickerific by Walt Disney Company. No description available
The Fortress of Solitude by Jonathan Lethem. No description available
Fortress of Solitude The Devil Genghis by Kenneth Robeson Lester Dent. No description available
Our Ancestors The Cloven Viscount The Baron in the Trees The Non Existent Knight by Italo Calvino. No description available
Difficult Loves by Italo Calvino. No description available
"The Nonexistent Knight The Cloven Viscount by Italo Calvino. An empty suit of armor is the hero of this witty novella set in the Early Middle Ages by the acclaimed author of If on a Winter s Night a Traveler. As a paladin in the court of Charlemagne, Agilulf is the very embodiment of valor and dedication to duty but he is also a gleaming white suit of armor with nothing inside it. While he has stolen the heart of the female knight Bradamante, she in turn is loved by the young adventurer Rambaldo. When a challenge to Agilulf s honor sends him on an expedition through France, England, and North Africa, Brandamante and Ramaldo follow close behind. Narrated by a nun with her own secrets to keep, this beloved novella explores the absurdities of medieval knighthood in a series of plot twists that are executed with brilliance and brio Chicago Tribune ."
The View from Castle Rock by Alice Munro. No description available
The View From Castle Rock by Alice Munro. No description available
"Crossing to Safety by Wallace Stegner Terry Tempest Williams T.H. Watkins. Introduction by Terry Tempest Williams Afterword by T. H. Watkins Called a magnificently crafted story . . . brimming with wisdom by Howard Frank Mosher in The Washington Post Book World, Crossing to Safety has, since its publication in 1987, established itself as one of the greatest and most cherished American novels of the twentieth century. Tracing the lives, loves, and aspirations of two couples who move between Vermont and Wisconsin, it is a work of quiet majesty, deep compassion, and powerful insight into the alchemy of friendship and marriage."
Oh Rats! The Story of Rats and People by Albert Marrin C.B. Mordan. No description available
"King Rat Asian Saga 4 by James Clavell. 'A splendidly exciting and original story' Sunday Telegraph 'Terrifyingly exciting suspense' Ian Fleming Set in Changi, the most notorious prisoner of war camp in Asia, King Rat is an heroic story of survival told by a master story teller who lived through those years as a young soldier. Only one man in fifteen had the strength, the luck, and the cleverness simply to survive Changi. And then there was King. 'KING RAT is the best novel in English to have come out of Japanese prisoner of war camps . . . James Clavell is a teller of stories. They are complicated and exciting, and you are desperate to know what will happen to his characters because they are like the people you know from your own life and experience, set in strange and sometimes terrible circumstances' John Simpson"
Rat Bastards The Life and Times of South Boston's Most Honorable Irish Mobster by John Red Shea Mark Wahlberg. No description available
"Julius Knipl Real Estate Photographer The Beauty Supply District by Ben Katchor. From one of the most poetic and gifted comic strip artists working today and author of The Jew of New York Comes the first collection about his beloved protagonist, Julius Knipl, Real Estate Photographer."
Blind Willow Sleeping Woman 24 Stories by Haruki Murakami Ellen Archer Patrick Lawlor. No description available
"Blind Willow Sleeping Woman by Haruki Murakami Philip Gabriel Jay Rubin. From the surreal to the mundane, an anthology of short fiction captures a full range of human experience, emotion, and relationship in works that chronicle a chance reunion in Italy, a holiday in Hawaii, and a romantic exile in Greece."
"The Bookseller of Kabul by sne Seierstad Ingrid Christopherson. This phenomenal international bestseller is an admirable, revealing portrait of daily life in a country that Washington claims to have liberated but does not begin to understand Washington Post . This mesmerizing portrait of a proud man who, through three decades and successive repressive regimes, heroically braved persecution to bring books to the people of Kabul has elicited extraordinary praise throughout the world and become a phenomenal international bestseller. The Bookseller of Kabul is startling in its intimacy and its details a revelation of the plight of Afghan women and a window into the surprising realities of daily life in Afghanistan. The most intimate description of an Afghan household ever produced by a Western journalist...Seierstad is a sharp and often lyrical observer. New York Times Book Review"
"Jasmine and Stars Reading More Than Lolita in Tehran by Fatemeh Keshavarz. In a direct, frank, and intimate exploration of Iranian literature and society, scholar, teacher, and poet Fatemeh Keshavarz challenges popular perceptions of Iran as a society bereft of vitality and joy. Her fresh perspective on present day Iran provides a rare insight into this rich culture alive with artistic expression but virtually unknown to most Americans. Keshavarz introduces readers to two modern Iranian women writers whose strong and articulate voices belie the stereotypical perception of Iranian women as voiceless victims in a country of villains. She follows with a lively critique of the recent best seller Reading Lolita in Tehran A Memoir in Books, which epitomizes what Keshavarz calls the New Orientalist narrative, a view marred by stereotype and prejudice more often tied to current geopolitical conflicts than to an understanding of Iran. Blending in firsthand glimpses of her own life from childhood memories in 1960s Shiraz to her present life as a professor in America Keshavarz paints a portrait of Iran depicting both cultural depth and intellectual complexity. With a scholar's expertise and a poet's hand, she helps amplify the powerful voices of contemporary Iranians and leads readers toward a deeper understanding of the country's past and present."
Making Globalization Work by Joseph E. Stiglitz. No description available
Prep A Novel by Curtis Sittenfeld. No description available
"Tan fuerte tan cerca by Jonathan Safran Foer. Oskar Schell es un ni o de nueve a os muy especial, dotado de una aguda sensibilidad y de un talento vers til, que, tras perder a su padre aquel 11 de septiembre de 2001, encuentra entre los enseres del difunto un sobre con la palabra Black escrita en el dorso y una llave en su interior. Inmediatamente el peque o decide que esa llave resolver el misterio del ltimo d a de su padre, explicar por qu estaba en las torres, cu l fue el motivo de su muerte. Empieza as la peculiar e ins lita odisea de Oskar por la herida ciudad de Nueva York en busca de todas las personas, lugares u objetos relacionados con el misterioso sobre. Al tiempo que el fantasma de su padre se dibuja en la telara a de Manhattan, se iluminan tambi n los or genes de Oskar y la historia de sus abuelos, huidos de Dresde durante la Segunda Guerra Mundial. En Tan fuerte, tan cerca Jonathan Safran Foer consigue convertir la tragedia en misterio, y al contar los secretos de un hombre cuenta la historia del siglo XX. La segunda novela de Jonathan Safran Foer es todo lo que uno esperaba que fuera ambiciosa, pirot cnica, intrigante y extraordinariamente conmovedora. Un logro excepcional. SALMAN RUSHDIE La opini n del editor Tras la celebrada Todo est iluminado , Jonathan Safran Foer lleva a cabo en su segunda novela la primera recreaci n literaria del atentado de las torres gemelas y supera incluso la hondura y la originalidad de su opera prima."
The Wizard of Oz by Salman Rushdie Richard Maltby Melvyn Bragg. No description available
The Ground Beneath Her Feet by Salman Rushdie. No description available
The Moor's Last Sigh by Salman Rushdie. No description available
Los Versos Sata nicos by Salman Rushdie. No description available
"Dangling Man by Saul Bellow Salman Rushdie. Written in 1944, Dangling Man takes the form of the journal of a young man waiting to be drafted. He has received notice, but a series of mix ups keeps him waiting for the official call to arms. Copyright Libri GmbH. All rights reserved."
Grimus by Salman Rushdie. No description available
Breakfast at Tiffany's by Truman Capote. No description available
"Jesus' Son by Denis Johnson. Jesus' Son is a visionary chronicle of dreamers, addicts, and lost souls. These stories tell of spiralling grief and transcendence, of rock bottom and redemption, of getting lost and found and lost again. The narrator of these interlinked stories is a young, unnamed man, reeling from his addiction to heroin and alcohol, his mind at once clouded and made brilliantly lucid by these drugs. In the course of his adventures, he meets an assortment of people, who seem as alienated and confused as he sinners, misfits, the lost, the damned, the desperate and the forgotten. Our of their bleak, seemingly random lives, Denis Johnson creates modern day parables of a harsh and devastating beauty."
Angels by Denis Johnson. No description available
The Throne of the Third Heaven of the Nations Millennium General Assembly Poems Collected and New by Denis Johnson. No description available
The Stars at Noon by Denis Johnson. No description available
The Rules of Attraction by Bret Easton Ellis. No description available
Glamorama by Bret Easton Ellis. No description available
Less Than Zero by Bret Easton Ellis. No description available
A Christmas Memory by Truman Capote. No description available
In Cold Blood by Truman Capote Bob Colacello. No description available
"The Southern Haunting of Truman Capote by James C. Simmons Marie Rudisill. Like many Southern writers of the 1930s and 1940s, who as a group created the richest, most memorable body of regional literature in the history of American letters. Truman Capote eventually journeyed northward. As the years passed, Capote's moorings to his Southern past grew weaker and weaker and he deliberately cut himself off from the people and places that provided fodder for much of his early fiction. The Southern Haunting of Truman Capote is a thoughtful reflection on the literary origins of four of Capote's important early works A Christmas Memory, The Grass Harp, Children on Their Birthdays and Other Voices, Other Rooms in light of the boyhood experiences that inspired those four works. Marie Rudisill, a younger sister of Capote's mother and the only one of her nephew's companions to have known him well his whole life, was in touch with him for more than seventy years As early as the mid 1940s, Marie Rudisill realised that her nephew was destined for literary greatness. She began hoarding his letters, newspaper clippings, articles, personal mementoes anything that might prove useful later as a record of his life. During their many telephone conversations, whenever Cap"
"Summer Crossing by Truman Capote. Witness the coming together of Truman Capote s voice, the electric into neon blaze that is surely one of the premier styles of postwar American literature. The Washington Post Book World A great breezy read . . . with Capote s trademark wit, but also with genuine youthful awe at the exhilaration of late forties New York. New York A lost treasure only recently found, Truman Capote s Summer Crossing is a precocious, confident first novel from one of the twentieth century s greatest writers. Set in New York just after World War II, the story follows a young carefree socialite, Grady McNeil, whose parents leave her alone in their Fifth Avenue penthouse for the summer. Left to her own devices, Grady turns up the heat on the secret affair she s been having with a Brooklyn born Jewish war veteran who works as a parking lot attendant. As the season passes, the romance turns more serious and morally ambiguous, and Grady must eventually make a series of decisions that will forever affect her life and the lives of everyone around her."
Answered Prayers by Truman Capote. No description available
The Grass Harp Including A Tree of Night and Other Stories by Truman Capote. No description available
From Babylon to Timbuktu A History of the Ancient Black Races Including the Black Hebrews by Rudolph R. Windsor El Hagahn. No description available
Cruelest Journey Six Hundred Miles To Timbuktu by Kira Salak. No description available
Between Time and Timbuktu or Prometheus 5 by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. No description available
"Murder in Amsterdam The Death of Theo van Gogh and the Limits of Tolerance by Ian Buruma. A revelatory look at what happens when political Islam collides with the secular West Ian Buruma's Murder in Amsterdam is a masterpiece of investigative journalism, a book with the intimacy and narrative control of a crime novel and the analytical brilliance for which Buruma is renowned. On a cold November day in Amsterdam in 2004, the celebrated and controversial Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh was shot and killed by an Islamic extremist for making a movie that insulted the prophet Mohammed. The murder sent shock waves across Europe and around the world. Shortly thereafter, Ian Buruma returned to his native land to investigate the event and its larger meaning as part of the great dilemma of our time."
The Cement Garden by Ian McEwan. No description available
Atonement by Ian McEwan. No description available
"Gertrud The Great Of Helfta Spiritual Exercises by Gertrude the Great Gertrud Jaron Lewis. The most scholarly of the remarkable nuns of Helfta composed these meditations, rituals, prayers, instructions on how to pray, chants, hymns, and litanies in the late thirteenth century. Her mastery of poetic prose attests to the level of women's education in the highly cultured abbey she entered as a child of five and never, so far as we know, left even once."
"Gertrud by Hermann Hesse. This study follows a trail of references and allusions to reveal the richness and depth of Carl Theodor Dreyer's controversial 1964 film, Gertrud and the excitement that can accompany cinema studies when it opens itself up to other disciplines and media. Schamus is a professor in the School of Arts, Columbia University, and the CEO of Focus Features."
Der Prozess by Franz Kafka. No description available
"Naokos L cheln by Haruki Murakami Ursula Gr fe. Naokos L cheln von Haruki Murakami Endlich verst ndlich mit der Lekt rehilfe von derQuerleser! Diese klare und zuverl ssige Analyse von Haruki Murakamis Naokos L cheln aus dem Jahre 1987 hilft Dir dabei, den Bestseller schnell in seinen wichtigsten Punkten zu erfassen. Der 37 j hrige T ru Watanabe erz hlt von seinen Erinnerungen an seine Studentenzeit in Tokio, als er sich in Naoko, die ehemalige Freundin seines verstorbenen besten Freundes Kizuki verliebte. Der Roman mit seiner expliziten Behandlung von Liebe und Sex machte den Autor bekannt und geh rt auch heute noch international zu Murakamis meistgelesenen Romanen. In dieser Lekt rehilfe sind enthalten Eine vollst ndige Inhaltsangabe Eine bersichtliche Analyse der Hauptfiguren mit interessanten Details Eine leicht verst ndliche Interpretation der wesentlichen Themen Fragen zur Vertiefung Warum derQuerleser? Egal ob Du Literaturliebhaber mit wenig Zeit zum Lesen, Lesemuffel oder Sch ler in der Pr fungsvorbereitung bist, die Analysereihe derQuerleser bietet Dir sofort zug ngliches Wissen ber literarische Werke ganz klassisch als Buch oder nat rlich auf Deinem Computer, Tablet oder Smartphone! Viele unserer Lekt rehilfen enthalten zudem Verweise auf Sekund rliteratur und Adaptionen, die die bersicht sinnvoll erg nzen. Literatur auf den Punkt gebracht mit derQuerleser!"
"The Ruined Map by K b Abe E. Dale Saunders. Of all the great Japanese novelists, Kobe Abe was indubitably the most versatile. With The Ruined Map, he crafted a mesmerizing literary crime novel that combines the narrative suspense of Chandler with the psychological depth of Dostoevsky. Mr. Nemuro, a respected salesman, disappeared over half a year ago, but only now does his alluring yet alcoholic wife hire a private eye. The nameless detective has but two clues a photo and a matchbook. With these he embarks upon an ever more puzzling pursuit that leads him into the depths of Tokyo's dangerous underworld, where he begins to lose the boundaries of his own identity. Surreal, fast paced, and hauntingly dreamlike, Abe s masterly novel delves into the unknowable mysteries of the human mind. Translated from the Japanese by E. Dale Saunders."
The Face of Another by K b Abe E. Dale Saunders. No description available
Three Plays Involuntary Homicide The Green Stockings The Ghost is Here by K b Abe Donald Keene. No description available
Secret Rendezvous by K b Abe Juliet Winters Carpenter. No description available
Oracle Night by Paul Auster. No description available
"Eleanor Rigby by Douglas Coupland. Colin Campbell investigates the nature of the story that can be extracted from the intriguing words and powerful images contained in this famous Beatles song. Eleanor Rigby is one of the most well loved of all Beatles songs, both because of its haunting melody, and also memorably for lyrics that have fascinated and intrigued Beatles fans all round the world since it was first released in 1966. This scholarly work assesses the plausibility of the many different stories that commentators and fans have spun from the enigmatic words and phrases of this lyric and, while dismissing the more fanciful, tries to arrive at a version that is both consistent and tenable. At the same time Professor Campbell explores both the reasons for the enduring appeal of this much loved lyric and its significance for the Beatles development from jobbing song writers to sophisticated artists."
Homo Faber by Max Frisch. No description available
Erla uterungen Zu Max Frisch Homo Faber by Bernd Matzkowski. No description available
Homo faber Ein Bericht. by Max Frisch. No description available
The Philosophy of Jean Paul Sartre by Jean Paul Sartre. No description available
Being and Nothingness by Jean Paul Sartre Hazel E. Barnes Mary Warnock Richard Eyre. No description available
The Age of Reason by Jean Paul Sartre. No description available
Die Entdeckung der Langsamkeit by Sten Nadolny. No description available
Youth in Revolt The Journals of Nick Twisp by C.D. Payne. No description available
And I Don't Want to Live This Life A Mother's Story of Her Daughter's Murder by Deborah Spungen. No description available
Sid and Nancy Love Kills by Alex Cox Abbe Wool. No description available
Flags of Our Fathers by James D. Bradley Ron Powers. No description available
Flags of Our Fathers A Young People's Edition by Michael R. French Ron Powers James D. Bradley. No description available
A Long Way Down by Nick Hornby. No description available
Clockwork Cover to Cover by Philip Pullman. No description available
Mary Queen of Scots by Antonia Fraser. No description available
"Mary Queen of Scots and the Murder of Lord Darnley by Alison Weir. BONUS This edition contains an excerpt from Alison Weir's Mary Boleyn. Handsome, accomplished, and charming, Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley, staked his claim to the English throne by marrying Mary Stuart, who herself claimed to be the Queen of England. It was not long before Mary discovered that her new husband was interested only in securing sovereign power for himself. Then, on February 10, 1567, an explosion at his lodgings left Darnley dead the intrigue thickened after it was discovered that he had apparently been suffocated before the blast. After an exhaustive reevaluation of the source material, Alison Weir has come up with a solution to this enduring mystery. Employing her gift for vivid characterization and gripping storytelling, Weir has written one of her most engaging excursions yet into Britain s bloodstained, power obsessed past."
On the Trail of Mary Queen of Scots by J. Keith Cheetham. No description available
"River of Blue Fire Otherland 2 by Tad Williams. A group of unlikely heroes goes up against the ruthless Grail Brotherhood, who are exploiting Earth's children."
Mary Queen of Scots Queen Without a Country by Kathryn Lasky. I think hawking is one of the things that Francis and I do so well together.
Mountain of Black Glass Otherland 3 by Tad Williams. A cryptic message from an oddly familiar winged visitor is all Paul Jones has to help him survive in the conplex virtual reality world known as Otherland.
Mary Queen of Scots Pride Passion and a Kingdom Lost by Jenny Wormald. No description available
Queen of Scots The True Life of Mary Stuart by John Guy. No description available
The Last Wife of Henry VIII by Carolly Erickson. No description available
"The Children of Henry VIII by Alison Weir. The fascinating family drama of Henry VIII and his four children, re created from the original sources by best selling Tudor historian John Guy"
The Last Days of Henry VIII by Robert Hutchinson. No description available
The Autobiography of Henry VIII With Notes by His Fool Will Somers by Margaret George. No description available
Henry VIII Shakespeare Pelican by William Shakespeare Stephen Orgel. No description available
"The Memoirs of Cleopatra by Margaret George. The mesmerizing story of Queen Cleopatra in her own words by bestselling novelist Margaret George, author of The Autobiography of Henry VIII and Mary Queen of Scotland and the Isles. Told in the first person from the young queen's earliest memories of her father's tenuous rule to her own reign over one of the most glittering kingdoms in the world this is an enthralling saga of ambition and power. It is also a tale of passion that begins when the twenty one year old Cleopatra, desperate to return from exile, seeks out the one man who can help her Julius Caesar. And it does not end until, having survived the assassination of Caesar and the defeat of the second man she loves, Marc Antony, she plots her own death . . . 'The author's impeccable research brings a long ago civilization thoroughly to life, and her portraits of Cleopatra, Caesar and Antony are wonderful. A spellbinding book' Barbara Taylor Bradford, book of the year in the Sunday Times"
Saint George and the Dragon by Margaret Hodges Trina Schart Hyman. No description available
Kiss Me Like a Stranger My Search for Love and Art by Gene Wilder. No description available
Wie ich eines sch nen Morgens im April das 100 ige M dchen sah by Haruki Murakami Nora Bierich. No description available
"The Complete Sherlock Holmes Volume I by Arthur Conan Doyle Kyle Freeman. Sherlock Holmes rl k ho mz is a fictional detective created by Scottish author and physician Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, a graduate of the University of Edinburgh Medical School. A London based consulting detective whose abilities border on the fantastic, Holmes is famous for his astute logical reasoning, his ability to adopt almost any disguise, and his use of forensic science skills to solve difficult cases. Holmes, who first appeared in publication in 1887, was featured in four novels and 56 short stories. The first novel, A Study in Scarlet, appeared in Beeton's Christmas Annual in 1887 and the second, The Sign of the Four, in Lippincott's Monthly Magazine in 1890. The character grew tremendously in popularity with the first series of short stories in The Strand Magazine, beginning with A Scandal in Bohemia in 1891 further series of short stories and two novels published in serial form appeared between then and 1927. The stories cover a period from around 1880 up to 1914. All but four stories are narrated by Holmes's friend and biographer, Dr. John H. Watson two are narrated by Holmes himself The Blanched Soldier and The Lion's Mane and two others are written in the third person The Mazarin Stone and His Last Bow . In two stories The Musgrave Ritual and The Gloria Scott , Holmes tells Watson the main story from his memories, while Watson becomes the narrator of the frame story. The first and fourth novels, A Study in Scarlet and The Valley of Fear, each include a long interval of omniscient narration recounting events unknown to either Holmes or Watson. The Adventures Of Sherlock Holmes The Memoirs Of Sherlock Holmes The Return Of Sherlock Holmes The Valley of Fear A Study in Scarlet The Sign of the Four The Hound of the Baskervilles The Final Problem"
The Complete Sherlock Holmes Volume II by Arthur Conan Doyle Kyle Freeman. No description available
The Last of Her Kind by Sigrid Nunez. No description available
Anatomy of Love A Natural History of Mating Marriage and Why We Stray by Helen Fisher. No description available
"The Devil's in the Details A Camilla MacPhee Mystery 4 by Mary Jane Maffini. Now available in one bundle for the first time, the first six books of the Camilla MacPhee Mystery series are gathered together. Camilla MacPhee is the black sheep of her perfect, blonde family, and her uneasy association with the world of crime takes bizarre turns through hotel crucifixions, firebombing, vengeful exes, drowned lawyers, and bossy sisters in this seriously funny, dark mystery series. Speak Ill of the Dead Camilla MacPhee Mystery 1 Camilla gets tangled up in what looks like a bizarre vendetta when a vicious fashion columnist with underworld connections is crucified in a downtown hotel room, and her best friend becomes the main suspect. The Icing on the Corpse Camilla MacPhee Mystery 2 What starts with a terrified woman being stalked by a violent ex soon has Camilla embroiled in something even more sinister. Includes four more Camilla MacPhee mysteries Little Boy Blues Camilla MacPhee Mystery 3 The Devil's in the Details Camilla MacPhee Mystery 4 The Dead Don't Get Out Much Camilla MacPhee Mystery 5 Law and Disorder Camilla MacPhee Mystery 6"
Wigfield The Can Do Town That Just May Not by Amy Sedaris Stephen Colbert Paul Dinello. No description available
"The SantaLand Diaries and Season's Greetings by David Sedaris Joe Mantello. THE STORIES THE SANTALAND DIARIES is a brilliant evocation of what a slacker's Christmas must feel like. Out of work, our slacker decides to become a Macy's elf during the holiday crunch. At first the job is simply humiliating, but once the thousands of"
Jenny and the Jaws of Life Short Stories by Jincy Willett David Sedaris. No description available
Venac sonetnih venaca Puz eva srma by Dobrica Eri. No description available
View With a Grain of Sand Selected Poems by Wis awa Szymborska Stanis aw Bara czak Clare Cavanagh. No description available
View with a Grain of Sand Selected Poems by Wis awa Szymborska. No description available
Poems New and Collected by Wis awa Szymborska Clare Cavanagh. No description available
Sounds Feelings Thoughts Seventy Poems by Wislawa Szymborska by Wis awa Szymborska Magnus J. Kruyski. No description available
"Miracle Fair Selected Poems by Wis awa Szymborska Joanna Trzeciak Czes aw Mi osz. Samples the full range of Nobel Prize winning poet Wislawa Szymborska's major themes the ironies of love, history lessons unlearned, our parochial human perspective, humanity's place in the cosmos, and the illusory character of art. Szymborska's voice emerges as that of a humanitarian graced with a gift for coaxing the extraordinary out of the ordinary in life and language."
Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bront Michael Mason. No description available
The Far Pavilions by M.M. Kaye. No description available
"Death in Kashmir by M.M. Kaye. When young Sarah Parrish takes a skiing holiday in Gulmarg, a resort high above the fabled vale of Kashmir, she anticipates an amusing but uneventful stay. But the discovery of the grotesque corpse of grey haired, sociable Mrs Matthews casts a dark shadow over the party. On learning the real truth about her death, Sarah is plunged into a deadly intrigue of secret messages, mysterious rendezvous and murder. A delicious blend of menace and romance set against the background of M. M. Kaye's beloved India."
The Sun in the Morning My Early Years in India and England by M.M. Kaye. No description available
Death in the Andamans by M.M. Kaye. No description available
Death in Berlin by M.M. Kaye. No description available
Enchanted Evening by M.M. Kaye. No description available
Pathologies of Power Health Human Rights and the New War on the Poor by Paul Farmer Amartya Sen. No description available
"Infections and Inequalities The Modern Plagues by Paul Farmer. Annotation A report from the front lines of the war against the most deadly epidemics of our times, by a physician anthropolpgist who has for over 15 years sought to serve the poor of rural Haiti and other settings in the Americas."
"Mountains Beyond Mountains The Quest of Dr. Paul Farmer a Man Who Would Cure the World by Tracy Kidder. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER 20th Anniversary Edition, with a new foreword by the author A masterpiece . . . an astonishing book that will leave you questioning your own life and political views. USA Today If any one person can be given credit for transforming the medical establishment s thinking about health care for the destitute, it is Paul Farmer. . . . Mountains Beyond Mountains inspires, discomforts, and provokes. The New York Times Best Books of the Year In medical school, Paul Farmer found his life s calling to cure infectious diseases and to bring the lifesaving tools of modern medicine to those who need them most. Tracy Kidder s magnificent account shows how one person can make a difference in solving global health problems through a clear eyed understanding of the interaction of politics, wealth, social systems, and disease. Profound and powerful, Mountains Beyond Mountains takes us from Harvard to Haiti, Peru, Cuba, and Russia as Farmer changes people s minds through his dedication to the philosophy that the only real nation is humanity. WINNER OF THE LETTRE ULYSSES AWARD FOR THE ART OF REPORTAGE"
"The Tao of Physics An Exploration of the Parallels between Modern Physics and Eastern Mysticism by Fritjof Capra. A special edition of the brilliant best selling classic on the paradoxes of modern physics and their relationship to concepts of Eastern mysticism New York Magazine The Tao of Physics brought the mystical implications of subatomic physics to popular consciousness for the very first time. Many books have been written in the ensuing years about the connections between quantum theory and the ideas of Buddhism, Hinduism, and Taoism, but Fritjof Capra s text serves as the foundation on which the others have been built and its wisdom has stood the test of time. Its publication in more than twenty three languages stands as testimony to its universal applicability and its enduring significance. This special edition celebrates the thirty fifth anniversary of this early Shambhala best seller that has gone on to become a true classic. It includes a fresh cover design and a new preface by the author reflecting on further discoveries and developments in the years since the book s original publication. Physicists do not need mysticism, Dr. Capra says, and mystics do not need physics, but humanity needs both. It is a message of timeless importance."
Dr. Mary's Monkey How the Unsolved Murder of a Doctor a Secret Laboratory in New Orleans and Cancer Causing Monkey Viruses are Linked to Lee Harvey Oswald the JFK Assassination and Emerging Global Epidemics by Edward T. Haslam Jim Marrs. No description available
"The Art of Richard P. Feynman by Michelle Feynman. Displays one of America's leading physicist's fascinating development of personal artistic sensitivity to line, form, and the moods of his subject."
The Early History of God Yahweh and the Other Deities in Ancient Israel by Mark S. Smith Patrick D. Miller. No description available
Haiti History and the Gods by Joan Dayan Colin Dayan. No description available
Acts of God The Unnatural History of Natural Disaster in America by Ted Steinberg. No description available
The World's Religions by Huston Smith. No description available
Introduction to World Religions by Christopher Partridge. No description available
"FDR's Folly How Roosevelt and His New Deal Prolonged the Great Depression by Jim Powell. The Great Depression and the New Deal. For generations, the collective American consciousness has believed that the former ruined the country and the latter saved it. Endless praise has been heaped upon President Franklin Delano Roosevelt for masterfully reining in the Depression s destructive effects and propping up the country on his New Deal platform. In fact, FDR has achieved mythical status in American history and is considered to be, along with Washington, Jefferson, and Lincoln, one of the greatest presidents of all time. But would the Great Depression have been so catastrophic had the New Deal never been implemented? In FDR s Folly, historian Jim Powell argues that it was in fact the New Deal itself, with its shortsighted programs, that deepened the Great Depression, swelled the federal government, and prevented the country from turning around quickly. You ll discover in alarming detail how FDR s federal programs hurt America more than helped it, with effects we still feel today, including How Social Security actually increased unemployment How higher taxes undermined good businesses How new labor laws threw people out of work And much more This groundbreaking book pulls back the shroud of awe and the cloak of time enveloping FDR to prove convincingly how flawed his economic policies actually were, despite his good intentions and the astounding intellect of his circle of advisers. In today s turbulent domestic and global environment, eerily similar to that of the 1930s, it s more important than ever before to uncover and understand the truth of our history, lest we be doomed to repeat it."
"Folly and Glory The Berrybender Narratives 4 by Larry McMurtry. The Pulitzer Prize winning author concludes his frontier epic about the Berrybenders, an English family making their way across the America in the 1830s, with this novel of triumph, tragedy, and destiny. A worthy close to an outstanding quartet. Booklist."
The Argumentative Indian Writings on Indian History Culture and Identity by Amartya Sen. No description available
Argumentative Indian Writings On Indian History Culture And Identity by Amartya Sen. No description available
"Things to Bring S !t to Do And Other Inventories of Anxiety My Life in Lists by Karen Rizzo. The emotional highs and lows, the romantic escapades and the financial setbacks, the moments of comedy, anxiety, and personal tragedy they're all brought vividly to life in Things to Bring, S !t to Do, the first memoir told entirely in lists. Annotated with Karen's insightful recollections, the book presents a compelling portrait sometimes touching, sometimes hilarious of a woman, her family, and her friends from 1970s America to the present day. Like many women and some men, too , Karen Rizzo is a compulsive list maker. She scribbles grocery lists on Post It notes, pencils lists of resolutions on the backs of greeting cards, regularly jots down all the things she needs to bring, to do, to remember . . Unlike the rest of us, however, Karen has saved her lists dating from the list of favorite things she wrote as a kid Favorite animal horse Color purple Food olives from Dad's martini . Together, these scraps of paper form an intimate chronicle of her life's journey, from her early struggles with work and love to the years spent watching her mother battle breast cancer to the times she's had to juggle the demands of marriage and motherhood with those of her career."
Dumpy's Valentine by Julie Andrews Edwards Emma Walton Hamilton Tony Walton Ruby Randig. No description available
Mandy by Julie Andrews Edwards Johanna Westerman. No description available
Giraffes Can't Dance by Giles Andreae Guy Parker Rees Hugh Laurie. No description available
"The Medici Giraffe and Other Tales of Exotic Animals and Power by Marina Belozerskaya. A fascinating exploration, spanning two thousand years, of the central role exotic animals have played in war, diplomacy, and the pomp of rulers and luminaries."
The Giraffe Who Was Afraid of Heights Physical Behavioral Adaptation by David A. Ufer Kirsten Carlson. No description available
Where the Red Fern Grows with Connections by Wilson Rawls Rafe Martin Borden Deal Kemp P. Battle Robert Bethke Harold Courlander Maya Angelou Nicholasa Mohr Dick Perry John R. Erickson. A young boy living in the Ozarks achieves his heart's desire when he becomes the owner of two redbone hounds and teaches them to be champion hunters.
Summer of the Monkeys by Wilson Rawls. No description available
Dreams from My Father A Story of Race and Inheritance by Barack Obama. No description available
"Doctor Who Cat's Cradle Time's Crucible by Marc Platt. The TARDIS is invaded by an alien presence, and is then destroyed. The Doctor disappears. Ace, lost and alone, finds herself in a bizarre deserted city ruled by the tyrannical, leech like monster known as the Process. Lost voyagers drawn forward from Ancient Gallifrey perform obsessive rituals in the ruins. The strands of time are tangled in a cat's cradle of dimensions. Only the Doctor can challenge the rule of the Process and restore the stolen Future. But the Doctor was destroyed long ago, before Time began. Page 4 of cover."
Doctor Who Cat's Cradle Witch Mark by Andrew Hunt. No description available
"Doctor Who Cat's Cradle Warhead by Andrew Cartmel. A new, updated edition puts all the Doctors under the microscope including Matt Smith with facts, figures and opinions on every Doctor Who story televised Doctor Who has seen many ups and downs in its long and colorful history, and this guide tracks all of them. From humble beginnings in November 1963 to its cancellation in 1989 and eventual resurrection in 2005, Doctor Who has always been a quintessential element of sci fi, and British popular culture. The spine chilling theme music, the multidimensional Tardis, the evil metallic Daleks, and the ever changing face of the Doctor himself have become trademarks of the program's witty, eclectic style. Over the years Doctor Who has embraced such diverse genres as science fiction, horror, westerns, history, romance, adventure, and comedy but has never strayed from its first and most important remit telling damn good stories. Eleven Doctors, a multitude of companions, and a veritable cornucopia of monsters and villains the show has it all. This guide includes sections on TV, radio, cinema, stage, and internet spin offs novels and audio adventures missing episodes and an extensive website listing and bibliography."
He's Just Not That Into You The No Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys by Greg Behrendt Liz Tuccillo. No description available
Do Not Open This Book by Michaela Muntean Pascal Lema tre. Originally published in Australia by Lake Press Pty Ltd. Verso.
Not Your Mother's Slow Cooker Cookbook by Beth Hensperger Julie Kaufmann. No description available
Hands Are Not for Hitting Ages 4 7 by Martine Agassi Marieka Heinlen. No description available
Not So Big House by Sarah Susanka Kira Obolensky. No description available
Rodinsky's Room by Rachel Lichtenstein Iain Sinclair. No description available
The Rough Guide to Cuba 3 by Fiona McAuslan Matthew Norman. No description available
Cuba A New History by Richard Gott. No description available
Cuba 15 by Nancy Osa. No description available
"Cuba Jake Grafton 7 by Stephen Coonts. Only Admiral Grafton who is on a aircraft carrier, knows the danger of a secret weapon at the American base on Cuba's Guantanemo Bay. Grafton can save America from a disaster that would make the Bay of Pigs look like child's play."
The Memory Keeper's Daughter by Kim Edwards. No description available
Too Far to Go The Maples Stories by John Updike. No description available
"Far to Go Margaret Thursday 2 by Noel Streatfeild. Training Indian village children to look after buffaloes, instructing girls to use a sewing machine, running adult literacy classes for rural women Did Betty Robinson in her Youth Employment Office in Dunfermline in the 1950s and 1960s realise where her application for missionary training with the London Missionary Society would take her? Three years of missionary training did not prepare her for that. A buffalo and a sewing machine can literally save a village and give its children a future. Then romance and marriage to a fellow Scot, Leslie Robinson, General Surgeon and Medical Superintendent at the Church of South India s hospital in Chickballapur, Karnataka."
The Children on the Top Floor by Noel Streatfeild. No description available
Desolation Angels by Jack Kerouac Joyce Johnson. No description available
Healing With Whole Foods Asian Traditions and Modern Nutrition by Paul Pitchford. No description available
The New Whole Foods Encyclopedia A Comprehensive Resource for Healthy Eating by Rebecca Wood Paul Pitchford. No description available
The Discomfort Zone A Personal Journey by Jonathan Franzen. No description available
The Parrot's Lament and Other True Tales of Animal Intrigue Intelligence and Ingenuity by Eugene Linden. No description available
Postscript to the Name of the Rose by Umberto Eco. No description available
El nombre de la rosa by Umberto Eco. No description available
Baby Names for Dummies by Margaret Rose Heather Rose Jones. No description available
The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana by Umberto Eco Geoffrey Brock. No description available
History of Beauty by Umberto Eco Girolamo De Michele Alastair McEwen Agnolo di Cosimo Bronzino. No description available
Baudolino by Umberto Eco William Weaver R.C.S. Libri. No description available
Travels in Hyperreality by Umberto Eco John Radziewicz William Weaver. No description available
How to Travel with a Salmon and Other Essays by Umberto Eco William Weaver. No description available
A Theory of Semiotics by Umberto Eco. No description available
Art and Beauty in the Middle Ages by Umberto Eco Hugh Bredin. No description available
Mouse or Rat? Translation as Negotiation by Umberto Eco. No description available
The Role of the Reader Explorations in the Semiotics of Texts by Umberto Eco. No description available
"Libraries by Candida H fer Umberto Eco. Familiar landmarks in hundreds of American towns, Carnegie libraries have shaped the public library experience of generations of Americans and today seen far from controversial. In Free to All, however, Abigail Van Slyck shows that the classical facades and symmetrical plans of these buildings often mask the complex and contentious circumstances of their construction and use."
"The Art of War by Sun Tzu Thomas Cleary Pulat Otkan Giray Fidan. Widely regarded as The Oldest Military Treatise in the World, this landmark work covers principles of strategy, tactics, maneuvering, communication, and supplies the use of terrain, fire, and the seasons of the year the classification and utilization of spies the treatment of soldiers, including captives, all have a modern ring to them."
"Sun Tzu The Art of War for Managers 50 Strategic Rules by Sun Tzu Gerald A. Michaelson. Seize the advantage from your competitors and conquer today s competitive business world with these 50 strategic business rules from the tried and tested wisdom of Sun Tzu. In today s competitive business world, you must capture the high ground and defend it against your rivals. The secret lies in mastering the strategic arts taught by the ancient Chinese military theorist Sun Tzu. Gerald A. Michaelson s classic book breaks down Sun Tzu s lessons to help you move from manager to leader and vanquish your competition. In this fully updated edition, Steven Michaelson offers new examples drawn from companies ranging from Amazon to Toyota to Google, putting Sun Tzu at your side for today's business challenges. Here is the wisdom tested for twenty five centuries that will help you seize the advantage, storm your competitors gates, and conquer the marketplace!"
The Art of War by Sun Tzu Ralph D. Sawyer. No description available
The Lost Continent Travels in Small town America by Bill Bryson. No description available
Made in America An Informal History of the English Language in the United States by Bill Bryson. No description available
Ulysses by James Joyce Declan Kiberd. No description available
"The Long Lost Map Ulysses Moore 2 by Pierdomenico Baccalario Iacopo Bruno Leah D. Janeczko. THRILLERS. Jason, Julia and Rick have crossed through the Door to Time into ancient Egypt, a land of labyrinths, riddles and secrets. But when the passageway collapses around them, Julia ends up back at home, in the present with the door shut tight behind her. Now the boys are trapped in the past, and there's just one way to get back to Argo Manor. They must find the long lost map of Kilmore Cove hidden somewhere in Egypt's Land of Punt. But before long, Rick and Jason realise that they are not the only travellers from the present in search of the mysterious map. Will they be the first to find it?"
"The Wicked Wit of Charles Dickens by Shelley Klein Charles Dickens. The Wicked Wit Of Charles Dickens explores and reveals aspects of the author's personal and professional life, whilst celebrating his flair for witty and satirical observations about society and human nature."
The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas Barbara T. Cooper. No description available
The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas Michael Page. Reproduction of the original The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas
The Three Musketeers Great Illustrated Classics by Malvina G. Vogel Alexandre Dumas. No description available
"The Three Musketeers The d'Artagnan Romances. 1 by Alexandre Dumas Keith Wren. The Three Musketeers Les Trois Mousquetaires is a novel by Alexandre Dumas, p re. It recounts the adventures of a young man named d'Artagnan after he leaves home to become a musketeer. D'Artagnan is not one of the musketeers of the title those are his friends Athos, Porthos, and Aramis inseparable friends who live by the motto, One for all, and all for one .The story of d'Artagnan is continued in Twenty Years After and The Vicomte de Bragelonne. Those three novels by Dumas are together known as the D'Artagnan Romances.The Three Musketeers was first published in serial form in the magazine Le Si cle between March and July 1844."
Lisey's Story by Stephen King. No description available
King Arthur Flour Whole Grain Baking Delicious Recipes Using Nutritious Whole Grains by King Arthur Flour. No description available
"King Dork King Dork 1 by Frank Portman. With stitches in his head and after affects from surgery, Tom Henderson finds some of his mot deeply held beliefs shattering but, somehow, makes out with at least two girls by the end of tenth grade"
"A Clash of Kings A Song of Ice and Fire 2 by George R.R. Martin. THE BOOK BEHIND THE SECOND SEASON OF GAME OF THRONES, AN ORIGINAL SERIES NOW ON HBO. Here is the second book in the landmark series that has redefined imaginative fiction and become a modern masterpiece. A CLASH OF KINGS A comet the color of blood and flame cuts across the sky. And from the ancient citadel of Dragonstone to the forbidding shores of Winterfell, chaos reigns. Six factions struggle for control of a divided land and the Iron Throne of the Seven Kingdoms, preparing to stake their claims through tempest, turmoil, and war. It is a tale in which brother plots against brother and the dead rise to walk in the night. Here a princess masquerades as an orphan boy a knight of the mind prepares a poison for a treacherous sorceress and wild men descend from the Mountains of the Moon to ravage the countryside. Against a backdrop of incest and fratricide, alchemy and murder, victory may go to the men and women possessed of the coldest steel . . . and the coldest hearts. For when kings clash, the whole land trembles. A GAME OF THRONES A CLASH OF KINGS A STORM OF SWORDS A FEAST FOR CROWS A DANCE WITH DRAGONS"
The Colorado Kid by Stephen King. No description available
Stationary Bike by Stephen King Ron McLarty. No description available
Everything's Eventual 14 Dark Tales by Stephen King. No description available
The Mist by Stephen King ZBS Foundation. No description available
Pet Sematary by Stephen King. A horror story of a children's pet cemetery and another graveyard behind it from which the dead return.
Insomnia by Stephen King Bettina Blanch Tyroller. No description available
The Stephen King Collection Stories from Night Shift by Stephen King John Glover. No description available
The Man in the Black Suit 4 Dark Tales by Stephen King Ana Juan John Cullum Becky Ann Baker igo J uregui Peter Gerety Arliss Howard. No description available
"The Shining by Stephen King Campbell Scott. 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER ONE OF TIME MAGAZINE'S 100 BEST MYSTERY AND THRILLER BOOKS OF ALL TIME Before Doctor Sleep, there was The Shining, a classic of modern American horror. Jack Torrance takes a job as the caretaker of the remote Overlook Hotel. As the brutal winter sets in, the hotel's dark secrets begin to unravel. An undisputed master of suspense and terror. The Washington Post Jack Torrance s new job at the Overlook Hotel is the perfect chance for a fresh start. As the off season caretaker at the atmospheric old hotel, he ll have plenty of time to spend reconnecting with his family and working on his writing. But as the harsh winter weather sets in, the idyllic location feels ever more remote . . . and more sinister. And the only one to notice the strange and terrible forces gathering around the Overlook is Danny Torrance, a uniquely gifted five year old."
Stephen King America's Best Loved Boogeyman by George Beahm. No description available
The Illustrated Stephen King Trivia Book by Brian James Freeman Bev Vincent Glenn Chadbourne. No description available
Gray Matter and Other Stories from Night Shift by Stephen King John Glover. No description available
Cujo by Stephen King. No description available
Thinner by Richard Bachman Stephen King. No description available
Stephen King from A to Z An Encyclopedia of His Life and Work by George Beahm. No description available
"Black House The Talisman 2 by Stephen King Peter Straub. A retired Los Angeles homicide detective living in a rural Wisconsin town, Jack Sawyer is called in to assist the local police chief in solving a gruesome series of murders that causes Jack to experience inexplicable waking nightmares."
The Stephen King Universe A Guide to the Worlds of the King of Horror by Stanley Wiater Christopher Golden Hank Wagner. No description available
"Night Shift by Stephen King. 1 BESTSELLER A collection of bone chilling, nail biting tales from the undisputed master of horror that showcases the darkest depths of his brilliant imagination and will chill the cockles of many a heart Chicago Tribune . INCLUDES THE STORY THE BOOGEYMAN NOW A MAJOR MOTION PICTURE FROM 20th CENTURY STUDIOS Originally published in 1978, Night Shift is the inspiration for over a dozen acclaimed horror movies and television series, including Children of the Corn, Chapelwaite, and Lawnmower Man. Night Shift is Stephen King's first collection of short stories a perfect showcase of just how far King's dark imagination can go. Here we see mutated rats gone bad Graveyard Shift a cataclysmic virus that threatens humanity Night Surf, the basis for The Stand a possessed, evil lawnmower The Lawnmower Man unsettling children from the heartland Children of the Corn a smoker who will try anything to stop Quitters, Inc. a reclusive alcoholic who begins a gruesome transformation Gray Matter and many more. This is Stephen King at his horrifying best."
"Misery by Stephen King. The 1 New York Times bestseller about a famous novelist held hostage in a remote location by his number one fan. One of Stephen King's best...genuinely scary USA TODAY . Paul Sheldon is a bestselling novelist who has finally met his number one fan. Her name is Annie Wilkes, and she is more than a rabid reader she is Paul's nurse, tending his shattered body after an automobile accident. But she is also furious that the author has killed off her favorite character in his latest book. Annie becomes his captor, keeping him prisoner in her isolated house. Annie wants Paul to write a book that brings Misery back to life just for her. She has a lot of ways to spur him on. One is a needle. Another is an axe. And if they don't work, she can get really nasty. Terrifying San Francisco Chronicle , dazzlingly well written The Indianapolis Star , and truly gripping Publishers Weekly , Misery is classic Stephen King...full of twists and turns and mounting suspense The Boston Globe ."
The Bachman Books by Richard Bachman Stephen King. No description available
Misery by Stephen King Mar a Mir. No description available
Carrie by Stephen King. No description available
Four Past Midnight Featuring The Langoliers by Stephen King. No description available
Christine by Stephen King Marie Milpois. No description available
Sam Walton Made In America by Sam Walton John Huey. No description available
The Road to Reality A Complete Guide to the Laws of the Universe by Roger Penrose. No description available
The Paradox of Choice Why More Is Less by Barry Schwartz. No description available
"Coach Lessons on the Game of Life by Michael Lewis. A story with a big heart about a boy, a coach, the game of baseball, and the game of life. There are teachers with a rare ability to enter a child's mind it's as if their ability to get there at all gives them the right to stay forever. There was a turning point in Michael Lewis's life, in a baseball game when he was fourteen years old. The irascible and often terrifying Coach Fitz put the ball in his hand with the game on the line and managed to convey such confident trust in Lewis's ability that the boy had no choice but to live up to it. I didn't have words for it then, but I do now I am about to show the world, and myself, what I can do. The coach's message was not simply about winning but about self respect, sacrifice, courage, and endurance. In some ways, and now thirty years later, Lewis still finds himself trying to measure up to what Coach Fitz expected of him."
Losers The Road to Everyplace But the White House by Michael Lewis. No description available
Next The Future Just Happened by Michael Lewis. No description available
The Ends of the Earth A Journey to the Frontiers of Anarchy by Robert D. Kaplan. No description available
"Salvation to the Ends of the Earth A Biblical Theology of Mission New Studies in Biblical Theology InterVarsity Press 11 by Andreas J. K stenberger Peter T. O'Brien. The saving mission of Jesus constitutes the foundation for Christian mission, and the Christian gospel is its message. This second edition of a classic NSBT volume emphasizes how the Bible presents a continuing narrative of God's mission, providing a robust historical and chronological backbone to the unfolding of the early Christian mission."
The Ends Of The Earth A Journey At The Dawn Of The 21st Century by Robert D. Kaplan. No description available
When Genius Failed The Rise and Fall of Long Term Capital Management by Roger Lowenstein. No description available
When Genius Failed The Rise And Fall Of Long Term Capital Management by Roger Lowenstein. No description available
"The Secret of Fantasy Forest Sweet Valley Kids 67 by Francine Pascal Molly Mia Stewart Ying Hwa Hu. Jessica and Elizabeth Wakefield can't wait to visit Fantasy Forest. As soon as they arrive, they meet Biily. He knows all the secret hiding places in the park. He even knows how to make the ferris wheel stop! But Billy won't tell the twins anything about himself. Is he hiding something, or is he just very shy?"
Pearl and Wagner Three Secrets by Kate McMullan Janet Allison Brown R.W. Alley. No description available
"A History of Britain The Fate Of Empire 1776 2000 A History of Britain 3 by Simon Schama. 'While Britain was losing an empire, it was finding itself...' The compelling opening words to The Fate of the Empire, set the tone and agenda for the final stage of Simon Schama's epic voyage around Britain, her people and her past. Spanning two centuries, crossing the breadth of the empire and covering a vast expanse of topics from the birth of feminism to the fate of freedom he explores the forces that shaped British culture and character from 1776 to 2000. The story opens on the eve of a bloody revolution, but not a British one. The French Revolution never quite crossed the Channel, though its spirit of fiery defiance and Romantic idealism did, sparking off a round of radical revolts and reforms that gathered momentum over the coming century from the Irish Rebellion to the Chartist Petition. The great question of the Victorian century was how the world's first industrial society could come through its growing pains without falling apart in social and political conflict. Would the machine age destroy or strengthen the institutions that held Britain together, from the family to the farm? And if the British Empire helped to make Britain stable and rich, did it live up to its promise to help the ruled as well as the rulers? On the way to answering these questions, The Fate of the Empire makes stops at both celebrations, like the Great Exhibition, and catastrophes, like the Irish potato famine and the Indian Mutiny. Amidst the military and economic shocks and traumas of the 20th century, and through the voices of Churchill, Orwell and H. G. Wells, it asks the question that is still with us is the immense weight of our history a blessing or a curse, a gift or a millstone around the neck of our future? It is a vast compelling epic, made more so by the lively storytelling and big bold characters at the heart of the action. But alongside flamboyant heroes, like Nelson and Churchill, Schama recalls unsung heroines and virtually unknown enemies. Alongside the grand ideas, he exposes the grand illusions that cost untold lives. Schama looks head on at the facts and asks, 'What went wrong with the liberal dream?' The answers emerge in The Fate of the Empire, which reveals the living ideals of Britain's long history, 'a history that tied together social justice with bloody minded liberty'."
The Devil in the White City Murder Magic and Madness at the Fair that Changed America by Erik Larson. No description available
O Historiador by Elizabeth Kostova. No description available
Kim by Rudyard Kipling Jeffrey Meyers. No description available
"Birds Without Wings by Louis de Berni res. In his first novel since Corelli s Mandolin, Louis de Berni res creates a world, populates it with characters as real as our best friends, and launches it into the maelstrom of twentieth century history. The setting is a small village in southwestern Anatolia in the waning years of the Ottoman Empire. Everyone there speaks Turkish, though they write it in Greek letters. It s a place that has room for a professional blasphemer where a brokenhearted aga finds solace in the arms of a Circassian courtesan who isn t Circassian at all where a beautiful Christian girl named Philothei is engaged to a Muslim boy named Ibrahim. But all of this will change when Turkey enters the modern world. Epic in sweep, intoxicating in its sensual detail, Birds Without Wings is an enchantment."
"God Knows by Joseph Heller. As the Biblical David lies on his death bed he looks back on his own, crowded life and tells all."
Picture This by Joseph Heller. No description available
Closing Time by Joseph Heller. No description available
Good as Gold by Joseph Heller. No description available
Something Happened by Joseph Heller. No description available
Archie Americana Series Best of the Eighties Vol. 1 by George Gladir John L. Goldwater Steve Geppi Michael I. Silberkleit. No description available
"The Moviegoer by Walker Percy. In this National Book Award winning novel from a brilliantly breathtaking writer, a young Southerner searches for meaning in the midst of Mardi Gras The New York Times Book Review . On the cusp of his thirtieth birthday, Binx Bolling is a lost soul. A stockbroker and member of an established New Orleans family, Binx s one escape is the movie theater that transports him from the falseness of his life. With Mardi Gras in full swing, Binx, along with his cousin Kate, sets out to find his true purpose amid the excesses of the carnival that surrounds him. Buoyant yet powerful, The Moviegoer is a poignant indictment of modern values, and an unforgettable story of a week that will change two lives forever. This ebook features an illustrated biography of Walker Percy including rare photos from the author s estate."
"Wicked The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West by Gregory Maguire Douglas Smith. When Dorothy triumphed over the Wicked Witch of the West in L. Frank Baum's classic tale, we heard only her side of the story. But what about her arch nemesis, the mysterious witch? Where did she come from? How did she become so wicked? And what is the true nature of evil? Gregory Maguire creates a fantasy world so rich and vivid that we will never look at Oz the same way again. Wicked is about a land where animals talk and strive to be treated like first class citizens, Munchkinlanders seek the comfort of middle class stability and the Tin Man becomes a victim of domestic violence. And then there is the little green skinned girl named Elphaba, who will grow up to be the infamous Wicked Witch of the West, a smart, prickly and misunderstood creature who challenges all our preconceived notions about the nature of good and evil."
"Wicked Memorias de una bruja mala Los a os malvados 1 by Gregory Maguire Claudia Conde. En un pueblo de pescadores de Munchkinland, una regi n independiente de la tierra de Oz, nace la primera hija de Melena. Su marido, el p rroco Frex, no puede estar con ella en tan delicado momento porque el Reloj del Drag n del Tiempo un teatro de t teres , ha llegado al pueblo y sus espect culos irreverentes y groseros est n haciendo estragos en la parroquia. La criatura se llama Elphaba, tiene la piel verde y unos dientes de tibur n con los que arranca un dedo de un mordisco a una mujer. No es cosa f cil, ser la mala del cuento. Gregory Maguire visita en Wicked. Memorias de una bruja mala las entra as de uno de los grandes cuentos de la historia y rescata a la ni ita de piel verde llamada Elphaba, que crecer para convertirse en la Malvada Bruja del Oeste, una persona ingeniosa, irritable y poco comprendida que pone en tela de juicio todas nuestras nociones preconcebidas sobre la naturaleza del bien y del mal."
"The Sword and the Shield The Mitrokhin Archive the Secret History of the KGB by Christopher M. Andrew Vasili Mitrokhin. The Sword and the Shield is based on one of the most extraordinary intelligence coups of recent times a secret archive of top level KGB documents smuggled out of the Soviet Union which the FBI has described, after close examination, as the most complete and extensive intelligence ever received from any source. Its presence in the West represents a catastrophic hemorrhage of the KGB's secrets and reveals for the first time the full extent of its worldwide network. Vasili Mitrokhin, a secret dissident who worked in the KGB archive, smuggled out copies of its most highly classified files every day for twelve years. In 1992, a U.S. ally succeeded in exfiltrating the KGB officer and his entire archive out of Moscow. The archive covers the entire period from the Bolshevik Revolution to the 1980s and includes revelations concerning almost every country in the world. But the KGB's main target, of course, was the United States. Though there is top secret material on almost every country in the world, the United States is at the top of the list. As well as containing many fascinating revelations, this is a major contribution to the secret history of the twentieth century. Among the topics and revelations explored are The KGB's covert operations in the United States and throughout the West, some of which remain dangerous today. KGB files on Oswald and the JFK assassination that Boris Yeltsin almost certainly has no intention of showing President Clinton. The KGB's attempts to discredit civil rights leader in the 1960s, including its infiltration of the inner circle of a key leader. The KGB's use of radio intercept posts in New York and Washington, D.C., in the 1970s to intercept high level U.S. government communications. The KGB's attempts to steal technological secrets from major U.S. aerospace and technology corporations. KGB covert operations against former President Ronald Reagan, which began five years before he became president. KGB spies who successfully posed as U.S. citizens under a series of ingenious disguises, including several who attained access to the upper echelons of New York society."
"Lay Down My Sword And Shield Hackberry Holland 1 by James Lee Burke. Vintage James Lee Burke The first novel introducing the memorable Texas sheriff Hackberry Holland, coming of age against the backdrop of the civil rights era in a sultry border town. In hot and sultry Texas, Hack, an attorney and Korean War POW, is being pushed by his wife, his brother, and his so called friends in the oil business to run for political office. But Hack would prefer to drink, look after his beloved horses, and represent the occasional long shot pro bono case at his law firm. When Hack attempts to overturn a conviction for an old army buddy, he finds himself embroiled in the seamy underbelly of the Texas patronage system and in the earliest beginnings of the United Farm Workers movement, led by a beautiful woman who speaks to his heart in a way no one else has. As Hack begins to bring justice to the underserved, he finds both a new love and a new purpose. With his skillful blend of engaging plotlines, compelling characters, and graceful prose, James Lee Burke demonstrates the shimmering clarity of vision that has made him beloved by suspense fans all over the globe."
Sword and Shield by John Terra. No description available
A Year in the Merde by Stephen Clarke. No description available
"Merde! The Real French You Were Never Taught at School by Genevi ve Michael Heath. Sacre bleu! Even though your French teachers stuffed the subjunctive down your throat, they failed to give you all the necessary tools to communicate like a native. French argot slang is more than just dirty words, it's an immensely rich language with its own words for very ordinary things, words that are in constant use. Here is a survival guide to the real French, from body parts and bodily functions to epithets for every occasion. As an added treat, Genevieve gives instructions in the correct use of gestures those silent but expressive signals so beloved by French motorists and shopkeepers. Most important, she reveals how the French language is a key to the spirit and character of the people who use it. From publisher description."
Merde Encore! More of the Real French You Were Never Taught at School by Genevi ve Michael Heath. No description available
"Can't Wait to Get to Heaven by Fannie Flagg Cassandra Campbell. Combining southern warmth with unabashed emotion and side splitting hilarity, Fannie Flagg takes readers back to Elmwood Springs, Missouri, where the most unlikely and surprising experiences of a high spirited octogenarian inspire a town to ponder the age old question Why are we here? Life is the strangest thing. One minute, Mrs. Elner Shimfissle is up in her tree, picking figs, and the next thing she knows, she is off on an adventure she never dreamed of, running into people she never in a million years expected to meet. Meanwhile, back home, Elner s nervous, high strung niece Norma faints and winds up in bed with a cold rag on her head Elner s neighbor Verbena rushes immediately to the Bible her truck driver friend, Luther Griggs, runs his eighteen wheeler into a ditch and the entire town is thrown for a loop and left wondering, What is life all about, anyway? Except for Tot Whooten, who owns Tot s Tell It Like It Is Beauty Shop. Her main concern is that the end of the world might come before she can collect her social security. In this comedy mystery, those near and dear to Elner discover something wonderful Heaven is actually right here, right now, with people you love, neighbors you help, friendships you keep. Can t Wait to Get to Heaven is proof once more that Fannie Flagg was put on this earth to write Southern Living , spinning tales as sweet and refreshing as iced tea on a summer day, with a little extra kick thrown in."
Green Hills of Africa by Ernest Hemingway Edward Shenton. No description available
"Across the River and into the Trees by Ernest Hemingway. In the fall of 1948, Ernest Hemingway made his first extended visit to Italy in thirty years. His reacquaintance with Venice, a city he loved, provided the inspiration for Across the River and into the Trees, the story of Richard Cantwell, a war ravaged American colonel stationed in Italy at the close of the Second World War, and his love for a young Italian countess. A poignant, bittersweet homage to love that overpowers reason, to the resilience of the human spirit, and to the worldweary beauty and majesty of Venice, Across the River and into the Trees stands as Hemingway's statement of defiance in response to the great dehumanizing atrocities of the Second World War. Hemingway's last full length novel published in his lifetime, it moved John O'Hara in The New York Times Book Review to call him the most important author since Shakespeare."
Hemingway The Paris Years by Michael S. Reynolds. The concluding volume of Reynolds' biograpy covers the last 20 years in Hemingway's life.
Adios Hemingway by Leonardo Padura John King. No description available
"By Line Selected Articles and Dispatches of Four Decades by Ernest Hemingway William M. White. A personal glimpse into the life of writer, journalist, war correspondent, adventurer Ernest Hemingway, ranging from experiences in the Spanish Civil War and World War II to his passion for bullfighting and first safari in Africa. Spanning the years 1920 to 1956, this priceless collection of articles and letters shows Hemingway's work as a reporter, from correspondent for the Toronto Star to contributor to Esquire, Colliers, and Look. As fledgling reporter, war correspondent, and seasoned journalist, Hemingway provides access to a range of experiences, including vivid eyewitness accounts of the Spanish Civil War and World War II. By Line Ernest Hemingway offers a glimpse into the world behind the popular fiction of one of America's greatest writers."
The Hemingway Women Those Who Love Him The Wives And Others by Bernice Kert. No description available
Hemingway A Biography by Jeffrey Meyers. No description available
"The Sword of Straw The Sangreal Trilogy 2 by Amanda Hemingway. Embark upon a quest rife with magic, wonder, and forces as dark as midnight. . . . Parallel universes and grave danger are nothing new to Nathan Ward. During his last mission, he risked life and limb to retrieve the Grail for safekeeping. But Nathan s adventures are just beginning. Lately his dreams have been transporting him to a desolate city whose people have fled save for a sickly king and his daughter, Princess Nell. In their decaying hilltop castle, they live in the shadow of a terrifying curse inflicted by a sword that holds within its gleaming metal an ancient demon conjured by the universe s most powerful wizard. It is a sword that brings death to anyone who dares to draw it from its sheath. But the king is dying, and the legend claims that only a stranger can save him . . . and that this stranger alone is destined to awake and defeat the dark evil in the sword. But who among mortals and spirits could ever imagine that a boy materializing into alternate worlds still dressed in his pajamas could be the chosen one . . . the one entrusted with the long lost plan to retrieve the Grail relics and save a dying cosmos?"
A Farewell to Arms by Ernest Hemingway John Slattery. No description available
A Farewell to Arms by Ernest Hemingway. An unforgettable World War I story of an American ambulance driver on the Italian front and his love for an English nurse.
The Big Rock Candy Mountain by Wallace Stegner. No description available
Beyond the Hundredth Meridian John Wesley Powell and the Second Opening of the West by Wallace Stegner Bernard DeVoto. No description available
Collected Stories by Wallace Stegner Lynn Stegner. No description available
All the Little Live Things by Wallace Stegner. No description available
Where the Bluebird Sings to the Lemonade Springs by Wallace Stegner T.H. Watkins. No description available
Wallace Stegner His Life and Work by Jackson J. Benson. No description available
Letters of E.B. White by E.B. White Dorothy Lobrano Guth Martha White John Updike. No description available
Here Is New York by E.B. White Roger Angell Barbara Cohen Judith Stonehill. No description available
Charlotte's Web by E.B. White Garth Williams. No description available
Che Guevara A Revolutionary Life by Jon Lee Anderson Jos Hern ndez Leena Nivala. No description available
Gatsby's Girl by Caroline Preston. No description available
In Search of Captain Zero A Surfer's Road Trip Beyond the End of the Road by Allan C. Weisbecker. No description available
Pipe Dream Strivers Row by Solomon Jones. No description available
The Pleasure of My Company by Steve Martin. No description available
Shopgirl by Steve Martin. No description available
The Mutineer Rants Ravings and Missives from the Mountaintop 1977 2005 by Hunter S. Thompson. No description available
Generation of Swine Tales of Shame and Degradation in the '80's by Hunter S. Thompson. No description available
The Gonzo Way A Celebration of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson by Anita Thompson. No description available
The Proud Highway Saga of a Desperate Southern Gentleman 1955 1967 by Hunter S. Thompson Douglas Brinkley. No description available
Einstein His Life and Universe by Walter Isaacson. No description available
The Wise Men Six Friends and the World They Made by Walter Isaacson Evan Thomas. No description available
Kissinger by Walter Isaacson. No description available
Traveling Mercies Some Thoughts on Faith by Anne Lamott. No description available
Where Rainbows End by Cecelia Ahern. No description available
Irish Girls Are Back in Town by Cecelia Ahern Patricia Scanlan Gemma O'Connor Sarah Webb Maeve Binchy Marian Keyes Morag Prunty Cathy Kelly Colette Caddle Marita Conlon McKenna Martina Devlin Clare Dowling Catherine Foley Aine Greaney Suzanne Higgins Rosaleen Linehan Joan O'Neill Julie Parsons Deirdre Purcell Martina Reilly Mary Ryan Annie Sparrow Una Brankin. No description available
There's No Place Like Here by Cecelia Ahern. No description available
"Final Rain The Survivalist 19 by Jerry Ahern. Russian troops, utilizing a terrifying new Particle Beam technology, have launched a furious assault on the Eden Project. Joining forces with his international allies, John Thomas Rourke races to the defense of the beleaguered settlement and humanity from extinction."
The Pursuit of Happyness by Chris Gardner. No description available
Harvesting the Heart by Jodi Picoult. No description available
The Tenth Circle by Jodi Picoult. No description available
Mercy by Jodi Picoult. No description available
Picture Perfect by Jodi Picoult. No description available
Songs of the Humpback Whale by Jodi Picoult. No description available
Salem Falls by Jodi Picoult. No description available
The Pact by Jodi Picoult. No description available
My Sister's Keeper by Jodi Picoult. No description available
Cold Mountain by Charles Frazier. No description available
The Collected Songs of Cold Mountain by Hanshan Red Pine John Blofeld. No description available
For One More Day by Mitch Albom. No description available
Just One More Day A Memoir by Susan Lewis. No description available
Ya S Que Te Quiero by Billy Crystal Elizabeth Sayles. No description available
Absolutely Mahvelous by Billy Crystal Dick Schaap. No description available
The Last Innocent Man by Phillip Margolin. No description available
"Outlander Outlander 1 by Diana Gabaldon. Claire Randall is leading a double life. She has a husband in one century, and a lover in another... In 1945, Claire Randall, a former combat nurse, is back from the war and reunited with her husband on a second honeymoon when she innocently touches a boulder in one of the ancient stone circles that dot the British Isles. Suddenly she is a Sassenach an outlander in a Scotland torn by war and raiding border clans in the year of our Lord...1743. Hurled back in time by forces she cannot understand, Claire's destiny in soon inextricably intertwined with Clan MacKenzie and the forbidden Castle Leoch. She is catapulted without warning into the intrigues of lairds and spies that may threaten her life...and shatter her heart. For here, James Fraser, a gallant young Scots warrior, shows her a passion so fierce and a love so absolute that Claire becomes a woman torn between fidelity and desire...and between two vastly different men in two irreconcilable lives."
"A Breath of Snow and Ashes Outlander 6 by Diana Gabaldon. 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER The sixth book in Diana Gabaldon s acclaimed Outlander saga, the basis for the Starz original series. The large scope of the novel allows Gabaldon to do what she does best, paint in exquisite detail the lives of her characters. Booklist The year is 1772, and on the eve of the American Revolution, the long fuse of rebellion has already been lit. Men lie dead in the streets of Boston, and in the backwoods of North Carolina, isolated cabins burn in the forest. With chaos brewing, the governor calls upon Jamie Fraser to unite the backcountry and safeguard the colony for King and Crown. But from his wife Jamie knows that three years hence the shot heard round the world will be fired, and the result will be independence with those loyal to the King either dead or in exile. And there is also the matter of a tiny clipping from The Wilmington Gazette, dated 1776, which reports Jamie s death, along with his kin. For once, he hopes, his time traveling family may be wrong about the future."
Outlander The Exile of Sharad Hett Star Wars Ongoing Volume 2 by Timothy Truman Rick Leonardi Tom Raney Al Rio. No description available
"The Fiery Cross Outlander 5 by Diana Gabaldon Janos Farkas. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER The fifth book in Diana Gabaldon s acclaimed Outlander saga, the basis for the Starz original series. A grand adventure written on a canvas that probes the heart, weighs the soul and measures the human spirit across centuries . CNN The year is 1771, and war is coming. Jamie Fraser s wife tells him so. Little as he wishes to, he must believe it, for hers is a gift of dreadful prophecy a time traveler s certain knowledge. Born in the year of Our Lord 1918, Claire Randall served England as a nurse on the battlefields of World War II, and in the aftermath of peace found fresh conflicts when she walked through a cleftstone on the Scottish Highlands and found herself an outlander, an English lady in a place where no lady should be, in a time 1743 when the only English in Scotland were the officers and men of King George s army. Now wife, mother, and surgeon, Claire is still an outlander, out of place, and out of time, but now, by choice, linked by love to her only anchor Jamie Fraser. Her unique view of the future has brought him both danger and deliverance in the past her knowledge of the oncoming revolution is a flickering torch that may light his way through the perilous years ahead or ignite a conflagration that will leave their lives in ashes."
"Refuge Outlanders 36 by James Axler. WHAT WOULD YOU DO TO SURVIVE? What sacrifices would you endure for a better life? Would you swim a vast river? Would you trek across a desert or float through a malarial rainforest? How about breaking out of a slave plantation? Boarding a leaky ship? Escaping a siege? Outlanders is a compilation of ten real life stories from refugees and asylum seekers, whom the author met while working in the field of refugee resettlement in the US and Ireland. They are old people and young, recently arrived and well established, originating from Afghanistan, Burma, Laos, Somalia, Iraq, South Africa, Bosnia and Palestine. Outlanders is the first work of its kind to explore the subject from a creative perspective, setting it apart from previous journalistic work available on the subject. The stories are presented in a style that immerses the reader in the journey of the refugee, the sights, smells, sounds they experienced, how it felt along the way. These unique individual narratives are bound together by recurring themes daily life, the eruption of conflict and the privations endured to escape it. Outlanders offers a glimpse into the lives of the displaced, not through screen or newsfeed, but through the very eyes of those who survived."
"Outlander by Matt Keefe. Claire Randall is leading a double life. She has a husband in one century, and a lover in another... In 1945, Claire Randall, a former combat nurse, is back from the war and reunited with her husband on a second honeymoon when she innocently touches a boulder in one of the ancient stone circles that dot the British Isles. Suddenly she is a Sassenach an outlander in a Scotland torn by war and raiding border clans in the year of our Lord...1743. Hurled back in time by forces she cannot understand, Claire's destiny in soon inextricably intertwined with Clan MacKenzie and the forbidden Castle Leoch. She is catapulted without warning into the intrigues of lairds and spies that may threaten her life...and shatter her heart. For here, James Fraser, a gallant young Scots warrior, shows her a passion so fierce and a love so absolute that Claire becomes a woman torn between fidelity and desire...and between two vastly different men in two irreconcilable lives."
"Hydra's Ring Outlanders 39 by James Axler. A sacred pyramid in China is invaded by what appears to be a ruthless Tong crime lord and his army. A stunning artifact and a desperate summons lead Kane and his rebels to a confrontation with a 4,000 year old emperor an evil entity as powerful as any nightmare now threatening humankind's future. Original."
"Omega Path Outlanders 4 by James Axler. Determined to prevent the nuclear holocaust that destroyed the world, Kane and company open up a rift in the linear structure of time and travel back to 1997. But as they search for Lakesh, the scientist who can help them, they are led into fabricated versions of the past and pursued by the Men in Black, a group that's aware of Kane's mission and plans to foil his objective at any cost."
"Savage Sun Outlanders 3 by James Axler. Savage Sun by James Axler released on Oct 24, 1997 is available now for purchase."
As I Lay Dying by William Faulkner E.L. Doctorow. No description available
Novels 1926 1929 by William Faulkner Noel Polk Joseph Blotner. No description available
Light in August by William Faulkner. No description available
Novels 1942 1954 Go Down Moses Intruder in the Dust Requiem for a Nun A Fable by William Faulkner Noel Polk Joseph Blotner. No description available
Selected Short Stories by William Faulkner. No description available
Three Famous Short Novels Spotted Horses Old Man the Bear by William Faulkner. No description available
The Town by William Faulkner. No description available
"Voyager Outlander 3 by Diana Gabaldon. From the author of the breathtaking bestsellers Outlander and Dragonfly in Amber, the extraordinary saga continues. Their passionate encounter happened long ago by whatever measurement Claire Randall took. Two decades before, she had traveled back in time and into the arms of a gallant eighteenth century Scot named Jamie Fraser. Then she returned to her own century to bear his child, believing him dead in the tragic battle of Culloden. Yet his memory has never lessened its hold on her and her body still cries out for him in her dreams. Then Claire discovers that Jamie survived. Torn between returning to him and staying with their daughter in her own era, Claire must choose her destiny. And as time and space come full circle, she must find the courage to face the passion and pain awaiting her, the deadly intrigues raging in a divided Scotland and the daring voyage into the dark unknown that can reunite or forever doom her timeless love."
"Drums of Autumn Outlander 4 by Diana Gabaldon. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER The fourth book in Diana Gabaldon s acclaimed Outlander saga, the basis for the Starz original series. Unforgettable characters . . . richly embroidered with historical detail. The Cincinnati Post What if you knew someone you loved was going to die? What if you thought you could save them? How much would you risk to try? Claire Randall has gone to find Jamie Fraser, the man she loved more than life, and has left half her heart behind with their daughter, Brianna. Claire gave up Jamie to save Brianna, and now Bree has sent her mother back to the mysterious Scottish warrior who was willing to give his life to save them both. But a chilling discovery in the pages of history suggests that Jamie and Claire s story doesn t have a happy ending. Brianna dares a terrifying leap into the unknown in search of her mother and the father she has never met, risking her own future to try to change history . . . and to save their lives. But as Brianna plunges into an uncharted wilderness, a heartbreaking encounter may strand her forever in the past . . . or root her in the place she should be, where her heart and soul belong."
The Outlandish Companion Companion to Outlander Dragonfly in Amber Voyager and Drums of Autumn by Diana Gabaldon. No description available
"Lord John and the Private Matter Lord John Grey 1 by Diana Gabaldon. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER Diana Gabaldon weaves a dazzling tale of history, intrigue, and suspense in this first novel featuring one of her most popular characters from the Outlander saga Lord John Grey. The year is 1757. On a clear morning in mid June, Lord John Grey emerges from London s Beefsteak Club, his mind in turmoil. A nobleman and a high ranking officer in His Majesty s army, Grey has just witnessed something shocking. But his efforts to avoid a scandal that might destroy his family are interrupted by something still more urgent The Crown appoints him to investigate the brutal murder of a comrade in arms who may have been a traitor. Obliged to pursue two inquiries at once, Major Grey finds himself ensnared in a web of treachery and betrayal that touches every stratum of English society and threatens all he holds dear. Praise for Lord John and the Private Matter A thoroughly entertaining and wonderfully witty historical mystery set in the richly detailed, occasionally bawdy world of Georgian England. Booklist Packed with vivid description and detail. Gabaldon aptly transports readers to eighteenth century London, with all its reeking humanity and glitteringly elegant excess. BookPage"
"Cross Stitch Outlander 1 by Diana Gabaldon. THE FIRST NOVEL IN THE BESTSELLING OUTLANDER SERIES. As seen on Amazon Prime TV. Previously published as Cross Stitch. Claire Randall is leading a double life. She has a husband in one century and a lover in another. In 1946, Claire Randall is back from the war and reunited with her husband on a second honeymoon in Scotland. Innocently she walks through a stone circle in the Highlands, and finds herself in a violent skirmish taking place in 1743. Suddenly she is a Sassenach, an outlander, in a country torn by war and by clan feuds. A wartime nurse, Claire can deal with the bloody wounds that face her. But it is harder to deal with the knowledge that she is in Jacobite Scotland and the carnage of Culloden is looming. Marooned amid the passion and violence, the superstition, the shifting allegiances and the fervent loyalties, Claire is in danger from Jacobites and Redcoats and from the shock of her own desire for James Fraser, a gallant and courageous young Scots warrior. Jamie shows her a passion so fierce and a love so absolute that Claire becomes a woman torn between fidelity and desire, and between two vastly different men in two irreconcilable lives."
The Eight by Katherine Neville. No description available
Your Eight Year Old Lively and Outgoing by Louise Bates Ames Frances L. Ilg Carol C. Haber Betty David. No description available
Eight Mindful Steps to Happiness Walking the Buddha's Path by Henepola Gunaratana. No description available
Eight Men Out The Black Sox and the 1919 World Series by Eliot Asinof Stephen Jay Gould. No description available
"Eleven on Top Stephanie Plum 11 by Janet Evanovich. Hoping to discontinue her career as a bounty hunter for something safer, Stephanie Plum is inadvertently drawn into a case that is complicated by her tangled love life, her chaotic family, and her penchant for wrecking cars."
El Clan Del Oso Cavernario by Jean M. Auel Leonor Tejada Conde Pelayo. No description available
The Portable James Joyce by James Joyce Harry Levin. No description available
Dubliners by James Joyce Jeri Johnson Thi n L ng. No description available
Finnegans Wake by James Joyce. No description available
"Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bront Stevie Davies. Bronte s novel about a shy, quiet governess who becomes a tutor in a great house and falls in love with its lonely and mysterious master is one of the great classics of English literature. Unique in its attention to the thoughts and feelings of a female protagonist, Jane Eyre was ahead of its time as a proto feminist text. When it was published in 1847, however, Bronte was attacked by critics for what they felt was anti Christian sentiment in her unflinching critique of the oppressions of Victorian society."
Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bront Richard J. Dunn. No description available
Jane Eyre by Jane E. Gerver Bill Dodge Charlotte Bront. No description available
"Purity of Blood Adventures of Captain Alatriste 2 by Arturo P rez Reverte Margaret Sayers Peden. Gear up for swashbuckling adventure in the second riveting historical thriller in the internationally acclaimed Captain Alatriste series. The fearless Alatriste is hired to infiltrate a convent and rescue a young girl forced to serve as a powerful priest s concubine. The girl s father is barred from legal recourse as the priest threatens to reveal that the man s family is not of pure blood and is, in fact, of Jewish descent which will all but destroy the family name. As Alatriste struggles to save the young hostage from being burned at the stake, he soon finds himself drawn deeper and deeper into a conspiracy that leads all the way to the heart of the Spanish Inquisition."
Barnaby Rudge by Charles Dickens John Bowen Hablot Knight Browne. No description available
No me coger is vivo art culos 2001 2005 by Arturo P rez Reverte. No description available
The Flanders Panel by Arturo P rez Reverte Margaret Jull Costa. No description available
The Seville Communion by Arturo P rez Reverte Sonia Soto. No description available
Little Birds by Ana s Nin. No description available
The Diary of Ana s Nin Vol. 2 1934 1939 by Ana s Nin Gunther Stuhlmann. No description available
Henry and June From A Journal of Love The Unexpurgated Diary of Ana s Nin 1931 1932 by Ana s Nin. No description available
"House of Incest by Ana s Nin Val Telberg. The House of Incest, Anais Nin's famous prose poem, was first published in Paris in 1936 and immediately drew attention from the era's prominent writers, including Henry Miller and Lawrence Durrell. While written in English, it is considered a landmark work in the French surrealist tradition and one of the most unique books in 20th century literature."
The Diary of Ana s Nin Vol. 3 1939 1944 by Ana s Nin Gunther Stuhlmann. No description available
The Spectator Bird by Wallace Stegner. No description available
The Big Book of Boy Stuff by Bart King Chris Sabatino. No description available
"The Boys of Everest Chris Bonington and the Tragedy of Climbing's Greatest Generation by Clint Willis. The exploits of mountaineering s most colorful band of adventurers The Boys of Everest by Clint Willis tells the gripping story of Bonington s Boys, a band of climbers who reinvented mountaineering during the three decades after Everest s first ascent. It is a story of tremendous courage, astonishing achievement, and heartbreaking loss. Chris Bonington s inner circle included a dozen of mountaineering s most legendary figures Don Whillans, John Harlin, Dougal Haston, Doug Scott, Peter Boardman, Joe Tasker, and others who together gave birth to a new brand of climbing. They took increasingly challenging risks on now legendary expeditions to the world s most fearsome peaks and they paid an enormous price. Most of them died in the mountains, leaving behind the hardest question of all was it worth it? Willis's classy style turns reportage into literature . . . Bonington's Boys come across as raw, anguished souls . . . As Willis describes in his artful prose, their suffering is not just a means to an end the summit , it is an end. The New York Times A gripping adventure saga . . . Publishers Weekly A death haunted saga of the scalers of heaven . . . Kirkus Reviews Mr. Willis tells a story that is gripping and poignant and even appalling . . . The Wall Street Journal"
Roald Dahl The Storyteller Famous Lives by Jason Hook. No description available
Les Nouvelles Recettes irr sistibles de Roald Dahl by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. No description available
Relatos de lo inesperado by Roald Dahl Carmelina Pay Antonio Samons. No description available
Konfetti Ungemu tliches Ungezogenes by Roald Dahl. No description available
The Sex Lives of Cannibals Adrift in the Equatorial Pacific by J. Maarten Troost. No description available
The Read Aloud Handbook by Jim Trelease. No description available
The Working Poor Invisible in America by David K. Shipler. No description available
First Comes Love Hot Water California 1 by Christie Ridgway. Book description to come.
Eat Right 4 Your Type by Peter J. D'Adamo Catherine Whitney. No description available
The Annotated Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift Isaac Asimov. No description available
Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift Robert A. Greenberg. No description available
The Chronicles of Narnia CD Box Set by C.S. Lewis Kenneth Branagh. No description available
"The Chronicles of Narnia The Chronicles of Narnia 1 7 by C.S. Lewis Pauline Baynes. Tells the tales of Narnia, a magical, fantastic place where good and evil battle, children have adventures as kings and queens, and beasts and creatures can talk."
Mere Christianity by C.S. Lewis Kathleen Norris. No description available
Mere Christianity by C.S. Lewis. No description available
The Screwtape Letters by C.S. Lewis. No description available
The Screwtape Letters Book Study Guide by C.S. Lewis. No description available
Four Mothers by Shifra Horn Dalya Bilu. No description available
Four Mothers at Chautuaqua by Pansy Isabella MacDonald Alden. No description available
The Trial of God as it was held on February 25 1649 in Shamgorod by Elie Wiesel Robert McAfee Brown Matthew Fox. No description available
Summer for the Gods The Scopes Trial and America's Continuing Debate Over Science and Religion by Edward J. Larson Brian Troxell. No description available
Dawn The Night Trilogy 2 by Elie Wiesel Frances Frenaye. No description available
The Forgotten by Elie Wiesel Stephen Becker. No description available
"Day The Night Trilogy 3 by Elie Wiesel Anne Borchardt. A Man seriously injured when hit by a car is taken to the hospital where a doctor, the woman who loves him, and his artist friend lead him to yearn for life rather than death."
All Rivers Run to the Sea by Elie Wiesel. No description available
Father Hunger Fathers Daughters and the Pursuit of Thinness by Margo Maine Craig Johnson. No description available
Father Hunger Fathers Daughters Food by Margo Maine Craig L. Johnson. No description available
Bold Land Bold Love Australian Trilogy 1 by Connie Mason. No description available
Leading with a Limp Turning Your Struggles Into Strengths by Dan B. Allender. No description available
Something to Declare by Julia Alvarez. No description available
How the Garc a Girls Lost Their Accents by Julia Alvarez. No description available
Kesey's One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest Cliffs Notes by Bruce Edward Walker Ken Kesey CliffsNotes. No description available
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest by Ken Kesey. No description available
"One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest by Ken Kesey. The inspiration for the new Netflix original series Ratched Part of the Penguin Orange Collection, a limited run series of twelve influential and beloved American classics in a bold series design offering a modern take on the iconic Penguin paperback Winner of the 2016 AIGA Design Observer 50 Books 50 Covers competition For the seventieth anniversary of Penguin Classics, the Penguin Orange Collection celebrates the heritage of Penguin s iconic book design with twelve influential American literary classics representing the breadth and diversity of the Penguin Classics library. These collectible editions are dressed in the iconic orange and white tri band cover design, first created in 1935, while french flaps, high quality paper, and striking cover illustrations provide the cutting edge design treatment that is the signature of Penguin Classics Deluxe Editions today. One Flew Over the Cuckoo s Nest Boisterous, ribald, and ultimately shattering, Ken Kesey s One Flew Over the Cuckoo s Nest is a seminal novel of the 1960s. Here is the unforgettable story of a mental ward and its inhabitants a counterculture classic that inspired the 1975 film adaptation, widely considered one of the greatest movies ever made."
The Sea The Sea by Iris Murdoch Mary Kinzie. No description available
Existentialists and Mystics Writings on Philosophy and Literature by Iris Murdoch George Steiner Peter J. Conradi. No description available
"A Fairly Honourable Defeat by Iris Murdoch Peter Reed. An exploration of love and its excesses, missteps, and modest triumphs, from the Booker Prize winning author of The Sea, The Sea In a dark comedy of errors, Iris Murdoch portrays the mischief wrought by Julius, a cynical intellectual who decides to demonstrate through a Machiavellian experiment how easily loving couples, caring friends, and devoted siblings can betray their loyalties. As puppet master, Julius artfully plays on the human tendency to embrace drama and intrigue and to prefer the distraction of confrontations to the difficult effort of communicating openly and honestly. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up to date translations by award winning translators."
The Unicorn by Iris Murdoch. No description available
Bruno's Dream by Iris Murdoch. No description available
Mystical Paths Starbridge 5 by Susan Howatch. No description available
"Glittering Images Starbridge 1 by Susan Howatch. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER The first in Susan Howatch's acclaimed novels centering on the glorious Cathedral of Starbridge, Glittering Images is a masterful depiction of spiritual hubris, the seductions of power, and the moral dilemmas of England between the wars. Passionately eloquent . . . A tale of God, sex, love, self analysis and forgiveness . . . The dialogue throughout this book is brilliantly crisp. The Philadelphia Inquirer It is the 1930s, and Charles Ashworth is dispatched by the Archbishop of Canterbury to learn the truth about the flamboyant Bishop of Starbridge, Adam Alexander Jardine, and his mousy wife. Do Jardine's outspoken denouncements of the Anglican Church's strict divorce laws have a personal motive? When he meets the cool and beautiful Lyle Christie, Mrs. Jardine's companion, Ashworth believes they do. But as he struggles to understand the strange relationships in the household, Ashworth ceases to be an innocent, objective observer. Slowly, he too is drawn into the secret drama that is being played out in the shadow of the cathedral, a drama that he could never have foreseen. Praise for Glittering Images A terrific story . . . Glittering Images is driven by passion, emotional and spiritual, and its spiritual antagonists are brilliant characters. San Jose Mercury News She may well be the Anthony Trollope of the 20th century. Andrew Greeley, The Washington Post Bold and exciting. Los Angeles Times"
Scandalous Risks by Susan Howatch. No description available
"Glamorous Powers Starbridge 2 by Susan Howatch. Follows the career of Jon Darrow, an Anglican minister, as he copes with church politics and the demands of marriage."
A Severed Head by Iris Murdoch. No description available
"Absolute Truths Starbridge 6 by Susan Howatch. It is 1965 and Charles has attained the plum position of Bishop of Starbridge. With the support of his minions and his unsinkable wife he stands against amorality and decadence. Then the unthinkable strikes and he is staring into a chaos that may ruin his life, taking his marriage, his children and his church."
The Shrouded Walls by Susan Howatch. No description available
Waiting Sands by Susan Howatch. Someone Rachel knew and loved had turned the old Scottish manse into a place of horror.
The Hollow Man by Dan Simmons. No description available
"Hardcase Joe Kurtz 1 by Dan Simmons. Once Joe Kurtz needed revenge and revenge cost him eleven years in Attica prison. Now Kurtz needs a job, and the price is going to be higher. Out of prison, out of touch, Kurtz signs on with the Byron Farino, Don of a Mob family whose son Kurtz had been protecting on the inside. Farino enlists Kurtz's help to track down the Family's missing accountant a man with too much knowledge of Family business to have on the loose. But someone doesn't want the accountant found and with enemies inside the Family vying for his throne, and turf warfare just around the corner, Farino needs an outsider like Kurtz to flush out who's really behind this latest affront. As the story twists and turns and the body count rises, Kurtz no longer knows who he can trust. Everyone seems to be after something, from the mob boss's sultry yet dangerous daughter, to a hit man named The Dane, an albino killer who is good with a knife, and a dwarf who is armed to the teeth and hell bent on revenge. Kurtz has always been an ace investigator. Now he's about to discover that to get at the truth, sometimes you have to go after it hard."
"Summer of Night Seasons of Horror 1 by Dan Simmons. This masterfully crafted horror classic, featuring a brand new introduction by Dan Simmons, will bring you to the edge of your seat, hair standing on end and blood freezing in your veins It's the summer of 1960 and in the small town of Elm Haven, Illinois, five twelve year old boys are forging the powerful bonds that a lifetime of change will not break. From sunset bike rides to shaded hiding places in the woods, the boys' days are marked by all of the secrets and silences of an idyllic middle childhood. But amid the sundrenched cornfields their loyalty will be pitilessly tested. When a long silent bell peals in the middle of the night, the townsfolk know it marks the end of their carefree days. From the depths of the Old Central School, a hulking fortress tinged with the mahogany scent of coffins, an invisible evil is rising. Strange and horrifying events begin to overtake everyday life, spreading terror through the once idyllic town. Determined to exorcize this ancient plague, Mike, Duane, Dale, Harlen, and Kevin must wage a war of blood against an arcane abomination who owns the night..."
"Vengeance Joe Kurtz 1 by Dan Simmons. Ancien d tective priv , Joe Kurtz a pass onze ans de sa vie en prison cause d'une affaire qui a mal tourn . Il est contact sa sortie par un vieux parrain de la mafia, don Farino, qui le lance sur les traces de son comptable qui a subitement disparu. Surveill par Farino et sa bande, pist par l'inspecteur Hathaway et traqu par des tueurs, Joe Kurtz tente de mener bien son enqu te. Un thriller noir et sanglant dont le h ros nous captive de bout en bout et qui ouvre, pour le plus grand plaisir du lecteur, une trilogie consacr e au d tective Joe Kurtz."
Carrion Comfort by Dan Simmons. No description available
"The Rise of Endymion Hyperion Cantos 4 by Dan Simmons. The conclusion of the author's Hyperion series follows Aenea's emergence as a messiah and her relationship to Raul Endymion and the poet, Martin Silenius."
Children of the Night by Dan Simmons. No description available
The Group by Mary McCarthy. No description available
Haruki Murakami and the Music of Words by Jay Rubin. No description available
Norwegian Wood by Haruki Murakami Jay Rubin. No description available
"A Wild Sheep Chase The Rat 3 by Haruki Murakami Alfred Birnbaum. A New York Times bestselling author and a mythmaker for the millennium, a wiseacre wiseman New York Times Book Review delivers a surreal and elaborate quest that takes readers from Tokyo to the remote mountains of northern Japan, where the unnamed protagonist has a surprising confrontation with his demons. An advertising executive receives a postcard from a friend and casually appropriates the image for an advertisement. What he doesn t realize is that included in the scene is a mutant sheep with a star on its back, and in using this photo he has unwittingly captured the attention of a man who offers a menacing ultimatum find the sheep or face dire consequences."
Horton Hatches the Egg by Dr. Seuss. No description available
Seaward by Susan Cooper. No description available
The Boggart by Susan Cooper Omar Rayyan. No description available
"Silver on the Tree The Dark is Rising 5 by Susan Cooper. The six servants of the Light the Drew children, Will, Bran and the mysterious Merriman have reached their last, desperate fight against the forces of the Dark. They face one final, daunting task to find the crystal sword. Their search will lead them from their own world to the haunting, magical Lost Land between sea and shore and they will each stare death in the face before the battle's final moments. The fifth and final spellbinding book in the highly acclaimed Dark is Rising sequence."
Trouble Is My Business by Raymond Chandler. No description available
"The Captain's Verses by Pablo Neruda Donald Devenish Walsh. The Nobel Prize winner's classic collection of love poems Pablo Neruda, winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature, finished writing The Captain's Verses in 1952 while in exile on the island of Capri the paradisal setting for the blockbuster film Il Postino The Postman . Surrounded by sea, sun, and Capri's natural splendors, Neruda addressed these poems to his lover Matilde Urrutia before they were married, but didn't publish them publicly until 1963. This complete, bilingual collection has become a classic for love struck readers around the world passionately sensuous, and exploding with all the erotic energy of a new love."
Herbert the Timid Dragon by Mercer Mayer. No description available
Under the Net by Iris Murdoch. No description available
Love by Toni Morrison. No description available
Beloved by Toni Morrison A.S. Byatt. No description available
"100 Love Sonnets by Pablo Neruda Stephen Tapscott. Celebrating the works of a great Chilean poet, this collection offers a vibrant translation of Neruda s sensual and erotic poetry. Famous for his politically engaged lyrics, the Nobel Laureate also wrote bold and sexual sonnets, and this compilation captures the spirit and verbal dexterity of the lesser known genre. These sonnets from one of the most influential and beloved 20th century poets accompany questions for discussion and lists of recommended readings and related websites."
Jazz by Toni Morrison. No description available
Sula by Toni Morrison. No description available
Tar baby by Toni Morrison. No description available
Tar Baby by Toni Morrison. No description available
Pacific Northwest Hiking The Complete Guide to More Than 1 000 of the Best Hikes in Washington and Oregon Foghorn Outdoors by Scott Leonard Megan McMorris. No description available
"The Guns of August by Barbara W. Tuchman Robert K. Massie. PULITZER PRIZE WINNER A brilliant piece of military history which proves up to the hilt the force of Winston Churchill s statement that the first month of World War I was a drama never surpassed. Newsweek Selected by the Modern Library as one of the 100 best nonfiction books of all time In this landmark account, renowned historian Barbara W. Tuchman re creates the first month of World War I thirty days in the summer of 1914 that determined the course of the conflict, the century, and ultimately our present world. Beginning with the funeral of Edward VII, Tuchman traces each step that led to the inevitable clash. And inevitable it was, with all sides plotting their war for a generation. Dizzyingly comprehensive and spectacularly portrayed with her famous talent for evoking the characters of the war s key players, Tuchman s magnum opus is a classic for the ages. The Proud Tower, the Pulitzer Prize winning The Guns of August, and The Zimmermann Telegram comprise Barbara W. Tuchman s classic histories of the First World War era"
It Can't Happen Here by Sinclair Lewis Michael R. Meyer. No description available
Babbitt by Sinclair Lewis. No description available
Main Street by Sinclair Lewis Brooke Allen. No description available
Main Street by Sinclair Lewis. No description available
Arrowsmith Elmer Gantry Dodsworth by Sinclair Lewis Richard R. Lingeman. No description available
Elmer Gantry by Sinclair Lewis. No description available
Die Geisha by Arthur Golden. No description available
Arthur Edward Waite's Quest of the Golden Stairs by Arthur Edward Waite. No description available
Arrowsmith by Sinclair Lewis E.L. Doctorow. No description available
Something Wicked This Way Comes by Ray Bradbury. No description available
Living on the Ragged Edge Finding Joy in a World Gone Mad Workbook by Charles R. Swindoll. No description available
A Door of Hope by Jan Frank. No description available
Captivating Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul by John Eldredge Stasi Eldredge. No description available
"Family Firstborn 4 by Karen Kingsbury. After finding his firstborn son, John Baxter looks for a way to tell his other children, while a Hollywood trial reunites Dayne Matthews and Katy Hart, but just when love has the chance to win, doubts and scandals push them further apart."
"Found Firstborn 3 by Karen Kingsbury. Book 3 in the 5 book Christian fiction series that has sold over 1.5 million copies A story of God s divine leading and the truth that God rewards those who seek Him with all their heart, from Karen Kingsbury, the 1 New York Times bestselling author of heart tugging and emotional Romantic Times life changing fiction. A Desperate Search Driven by his wife s dying wish to find their firstborn son, John Baxter sets about the search. His prayer? That Elizabeth s wish would be fulfilled before the upcoming Baxter family reunion. One strange turn follows another, but when the answers finally come, they shake John to his core. Will he agree to walk away and keep the secret of a lifetime, or will he let the truth come to light, no matter the cost? A Tragic Loss Dayne Matthews is questioning his adoptive parents faith when he receives crushing news. He was ready to take on the responsibility of having a family, but now the future is drastically altered and Dayne is desperate for answers. Wisdom and comfort come from visits with a long lost friend and then from Katy Hart, the girl Dayne can t seem to forget. But will he find the strength he needs to face a future laced with loss, and will that strength lead him to the greatest love of all? A Terrible Storm As the Baxters come together, the reunion is overshadowed by a miracle in their midst. But just as quickly, tragedy comes to Bloomington. Ashley is eight months pregnant and in the early stages of labor when a tornado rips through the community, leaving one family missing. What will Dayne do when he hears about the storm? Will he finally find peace in a God he has been running from all his life? The Firstborn series is the second installment in the continuing Baxter Family Drama from America s number one inspirational novelist, Karen Kingsbury. Revisit the Baxter family in all their life changing events, or share the series with someone who hasn t discovered it yet."
"Forever Firstborn 5 by Karen Kingsbury. When Hollywood actor, Dayne Matthews, and small town girl, Katie Hart, are making plans for their wedding, Katie receives tragic news, and now she and the Baxter family must travel to Los Angeles to sort through their options."
"Ever After Lost Love 2 by Karen Kingsbury. Twenty year old Emily meets Justin, a young Army reservist, and their deep love built on the foundation of faith blossoms into plans for marriage, while Emily's parents must learn to set aside their opposing views on the war in Iraq."
"Return Redemption 3 by Karen Kingsbury Gary Smalley. The complete 5 book bestselling Christian fiction series that has sold nearly 2 million copies! These original Baxter Family books have captivated millions of readers and are currently being made into an original television series produced by Roma Downey and Will Packer. This collection bundles the five book Redemption series from Karen Kingsbury, the 1 New York Times bestselling author of heart tugging and emotional Romantic Times life changing fiction, co authored with Gary Smalley, which centers around the Baxter family. As readers follow the hopes and struggles of the family, they will explore key relationship themes as well as the larger theme of redemption, both in characters spiritual lives and in their relationships. In each book, fans will enjoy a personal note from Karen Kingsbury and Gary Smalley as well as discussion questions for book group use. Revisit the Baxter family in all their life changing events, or share the series with someone who hasn t discovered it yet. Share the Baxter family s joys and struggles, triumphs and pain. 1 Redemption When Kari Baxter Jacobs finds out that her husband is involved in an adulterous relationship and wants a divorce, she decides she will love him and remain faithful to her marriage at all costs. This book shows how God can redeem seemingly hopeless relationships, and it illustrates one of Gary Smalley s key messages Love is a decision. 2 Remember Convinced she could make it on her own, Ashley Baxter has kept the most important people in her life at a distance her family, the man who loves her, and the God she is sure can never forgive her. Now, just as she begins to open her heart, the events of September 11 rip into Ashley s world and she is led to heartbreaking and hope filled decisions that will forever change her life. This story vividly illustrates that we must value others more than ourselves, and it drives home one of Gary Smalley s key messages Honor one another. 3 Return This touching novel reunites readers with the Baxter family and focuses on the only Baxter son, Luke. He is determined to leave his faith and his past behind and embrace a new, free thinking future. But what he doesn t realize is that his past holds a secret even he doesn t know. When Luke finds out, his comfortable new life is turned upside down, and he must turn back to his roots. 4 Rejoice In the continuing saga of the Baxter family, Brooke Baxter has achieved everything this world has to offer a prestigious career, a beautiful home, and two wonderful children. Her recent return to her faith is an encouragement to her family. But if she faces tremendous loss, can her fledgling faith and her rocky marriage survive? 5 Reunion Plans are being made for a family reunion. Nearly all the adult Baxter children have a reason to celebrate except one. As the preparations get underway, a deadly diagnosis sends shockwaves through the Baxter family and threatens to tear them apart. Winner of Christian Retailing s Retailer s Choice Award for Best Series"
"The Red Gloves Collection Red Gloves 1 4 by Karen Kingsbury. Compiled in this collector edition are Gideon's Gift, Sarah's Song, Maggie's Miracle, and Hannah's Hope. Readers worldwide have been touched by these heart warming tales of hope, inspiration, and joyous miracles by bestselling author Karen Kingsbury."
"Reunion Redemption 5 by Karen Kingsbury Gary Smalley. The complete 5 book bestselling Christian fiction series that has sold nearly 2 million copies! These original Baxter Family books have captivated millions of readers and are currently being made into an original television series produced by Roma Downey and Will Packer. This collection bundles the five book Redemption series from Karen Kingsbury, the 1 New York Times bestselling author of heart tugging and emotional Romantic Times life changing fiction, co authored with Gary Smalley, which centers around the Baxter family. As readers follow the hopes and struggles of the family, they will explore key relationship themes as well as the larger theme of redemption, both in characters spiritual lives and in their relationships. In each book, fans will enjoy a personal note from Karen Kingsbury and Gary Smalley as well as discussion questions for book group use. Revisit the Baxter family in all their life changing events, or share the series with someone who hasn t discovered it yet. Share the Baxter family s joys and struggles, triumphs and pain. 1 Redemption When Kari Baxter Jacobs finds out that her husband is involved in an adulterous relationship and wants a divorce, she decides she will love him and remain faithful to her marriage at all costs. This book shows how God can redeem seemingly hopeless relationships, and it illustrates one of Gary Smalley s key messages Love is a decision. 2 Remember Convinced she could make it on her own, Ashley Baxter has kept the most important people in her life at a distance her family, the man who loves her, and the God she is sure can never forgive her. Now, just as she begins to open her heart, the events of September 11 rip into Ashley s world and she is led to heartbreaking and hope filled decisions that will forever change her life. This story vividly illustrates that we must value others more than ourselves, and it drives home one of Gary Smalley s key messages Honor one another. 3 Return This touching novel reunites readers with the Baxter family and focuses on the only Baxter son, Luke. He is determined to leave his faith and his past behind and embrace a new, free thinking future. But what he doesn t realize is that his past holds a secret even he doesn t know. When Luke finds out, his comfortable new life is turned upside down, and he must turn back to his roots. 4 Rejoice In the continuing saga of the Baxter family, Brooke Baxter has achieved everything this world has to offer a prestigious career, a beautiful home, and two wonderful children. Her recent return to her faith is an encouragement to her family. But if she faces tremendous loss, can her fledgling faith and her rocky marriage survive? 5 Reunion Plans are being made for a family reunion. Nearly all the adult Baxter children have a reason to celebrate except one. As the preparations get underway, a deadly diagnosis sends shockwaves through the Baxter family and threatens to tear them apart. Winner of Christian Retailing s Retailer s Choice Award for Best Series"
"Redemption Redemption 1 by Karen Kingsbury Gary Smalley. When Laura Baxter Jacobs finds out that her husband is involved in an adulterous relationship and wants a divorce, she decides she will love him and remain faithful to her marriage at all costs. This book shows how God can redeem seemingly hopeless relationships, while illustrating one of Gary Smalley's key messages love is a decision."
"Forgiven Firstborn 2 by Karen Kingsbury. Book 2 in the 5 book Christian fiction series that has sold over 1.5 million copies A story of God s divine leading and the realization that peace comes only after forgiveness, from Karen Kingsbury, the 1 New York Times bestselling author of heart tugging and emotional Romantic Times life changing fiction. A Deadly Accident The Christian Kids Theater group is devastated by a tragedy greater than any of them could ve imagined. Now their director, Katy Hart, must find a way to walk the kids through their grief and give them a reason to believe again. But will hatred and revenge have the final word? An Aching Emptiness Dayne Matthews is working on what could be his best movie yet. Still, he feels empty and unfocused, aching for real love and the family he ll never know. Then a friend tells him about a teaching center and a way to become like God. Is this the answer Dayne s been searching for? A Shocking Discovery John Baxter reconnects with an old friend and shares a buried secret, one that he and his wife kept hidden all their married lives. Now in his wife s honor he decides to continue a very special search. But in the process he makes a critical mistake and one of his daughters stumbles onto a letter she was never supposed to see. For the Baxters, grace and redemption will play a greater role in this season than ever before. The Firstborn series is the second installment in the continuing Baxter Family Drama from America s number one inspirational novelist, Karen Kingsbury. Revisit the Baxter family in all their life changing events, or share the series with someone who hasn t discovered it yet."
"Rejoice Redemption 4 by Karen Kingsbury Gary Smalley. The complete 5 book bestselling Christian fiction series that has sold nearly 2 million copies! These original Baxter Family books have captivated millions of readers and are currently being made into an original television series produced by Roma Downey and Will Packer. This collection bundles the five book Redemption series from Karen Kingsbury, the 1 New York Times bestselling author of heart tugging and emotional Romantic Times life changing fiction, co authored with Gary Smalley, which centers around the Baxter family. As readers follow the hopes and struggles of the family, they will explore key relationship themes as well as the larger theme of redemption, both in characters spiritual lives and in their relationships. In each book, fans will enjoy a personal note from Karen Kingsbury and Gary Smalley as well as discussion questions for book group use. Revisit the Baxter family in all their life changing events, or share the series with someone who hasn t discovered it yet. Share the Baxter family s joys and struggles, triumphs and pain. 1 Redemption When Kari Baxter Jacobs finds out that her husband is involved in an adulterous relationship and wants a divorce, she decides she will love him and remain faithful to her marriage at all costs. This book shows how God can redeem seemingly hopeless relationships, and it illustrates one of Gary Smalley s key messages Love is a decision. 2 Remember Convinced she could make it on her own, Ashley Baxter has kept the most important people in her life at a distance her family, the man who loves her, and the God she is sure can never forgive her. Now, just as she begins to open her heart, the events of September 11 rip into Ashley s world and she is led to heartbreaking and hope filled decisions that will forever change her life. This story vividly illustrates that we must value others more than ourselves, and it drives home one of Gary Smalley s key messages Honor one another. 3 Return This touching novel reunites readers with the Baxter family and focuses on the only Baxter son, Luke. He is determined to leave his faith and his past behind and embrace a new, free thinking future. But what he doesn t realize is that his past holds a secret even he doesn t know. When Luke finds out, his comfortable new life is turned upside down, and he must turn back to his roots. 4 Rejoice In the continuing saga of the Baxter family, Brooke Baxter has achieved everything this world has to offer a prestigious career, a beautiful home, and two wonderful children. Her recent return to her faith is an encouragement to her family. But if she faces tremendous loss, can her fledgling faith and her rocky marriage survive? 5 Reunion Plans are being made for a family reunion. Nearly all the adult Baxter children have a reason to celebrate except one. As the preparations get underway, a deadly diagnosis sends shockwaves through the Baxter family and threatens to tear them apart. Winner of Christian Retailing s Retailer s Choice Award for Best Series"
Where I'm Calling From New and Selected Stories by Raymond Carver. No description available
All of Us The Collected Poems by Raymond Carver. No description available
Short Cuts Selected Stories by Raymond Carver Robert Altman. No description available
Cathedral by Raymond Carver. No description available
In Pharaoh's Army Memories of the Lost War by Tobias Wolff Luann Walther. No description available
Old School by Tobias Wolff. No description available
This Boy's Life by Tobias Wolff. No description available
The Vintage Book of Contemporary American Short Stories by Tobias Wolff. No description available
We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will Be Killed with Our Families by Philip Gourevitch. No description available
The Paris Review Interviews I 16 Celebrated Interviews by The Paris Review Philip Gourevitch Rebecca West Elizabeth Bishop Robert Stone Robert Gottlieb Richard Price Billy Wilder Jack Gilbert Joan Didion Dorothy Parker Truman Capote Ernest Hemingway T.S. Eliot Saul Bellow Jorge Luis Borges Kurt Vonnegut Jr. James M. Cain. No description available
The Living and the Dead Robert McNamara and Five Lives of a Lost War by Paul Hendrickson. No description available
Sons of Mississippi A Story of Race and Its Legacy by Paul Hendrickson. No description available
Looking for the Light The Hidden Life and Art of Marion Post Wolcott by Paul Hendrickson Marion Post Wolcott. No description available
The Color Purple by Alice Walker. No description available
"Bright Purple Color Me Confused TrueColors 10 by Melody Carlson. Jessica LeCroix drops a bomb on her best friend, Ramie I m a lesbian. Ramie Grant cannot believe her ears. Jess!? Her best friend, her teammate . . . a homosexual? Before long other girls on the basketball team find out, and little jokes become vicious attacks. In the end, Ramie must decide if she will stand by Jessica s side or turn her back on a friend in need. The tenth book in the teen fiction series TrueColors, Bright Purple examines the subjects of sexuality, identity, and forgiveness. Includes discussion questions."
Humboldt's Gift by Saul Bellow. No description available
The Promise by Chaim Potok. No description available
The Gift of Asher Lev by Chaim Potok. No description available
In the Beginning by Chaim Potok. No description available
My Name Is Asher Lev by Chaim Potok. No description available
L' chiquier du mal by Dan Simmons. No description available
"L' veil d'Endymion II by Dan Simmons. C'est une partie qui se joue six la Pax, le Mercantilus, le Technocentre cach , les Extros par del le Grand Mur, En e et le joueur myst rieux qui la manipule. Secr tement, il n'y a sans doute que deux camps, mais comment deviner leurs buts de guerre dans ce conflit engag depuis mille ans peut tre ? Martin Silenus ne savait qu'une petite partie de la v rit sur cette prolif ration de rouages l'int rieur des rouages sorti un instant d'une fugue cryog nique, il se rendort en r vant la suite de ses Cantos , toujours inachev s. Quant En e et Endymion, ils chappent au temps en faisant l'amour pour la premi re fois, puis se replongent dans le grand drame cosmique. L'enseignement d'En e sur le Vide qui Lie lui vaut des millions de disciples. Mais la Pax a encore des cartes jouer."
Les Larmes d'Icare by Dan Simmons Jean Daniel Br que. No description available
L' p e de Darwin by Dan Simmons Guy Abadia. No description available
Les Fils des t n bres by Dan Simmons. No description available
Endymion Pforten der Zeit by Dan Simmons. No description available
1 000 Places to See Before You Die by Patricia Schultz. No description available
The Crook Factory by Dan Simmons. No description available
Swan Song by Robert R. McCammon. No description available
Mine by Robert R. McCammon. No description available
Gone South by Robert R. McCammon. No description available
Usher's Passing by Robert R. McCammon. No description available
The Wolf's Hour by Robert R. McCammon. No description available
Mystery Walk by Robert R. McCammon. No description available
Boy's Life by Robert R. McCammon. No description available
"Stinger by Robert R. McCammon. The basis for the Peacock TV series Teacup An extraterrestrial bounty hunter turns a Southern community into its private hunting ground in the ultimate horror novel The Philadelphia Inquirer . The West Texas desert towns of Inferno and Bordertown have been slowly dying. The Snake River isn t the only thing that divides them. Racism and gang wars have turned the sun scorched flatlands into a powder keg. If anything can unite them now, it s the UFO that comes crashing through the clouds. It brings with it a young alien named Daufin, a fugitive who has taken human form. She knows the terror that awaits this planet because it s looking for her. Stinger is an alien bounty hunter with an infinite capacity for death and a devious plan to find Daufin. Entombing the region in an inescapable dome, Stinger unleashes a violent fury unknown to humankind. Now, the few remaining survivors must come together to protect Daufin, themselves, and the world beyond. From Robert McCammon, the New York Times bestselling and Bram Stoker Award winning author, Stinger is one of the best suspense novels of recent years Science Fiction Chronicle . It has now been adapted into one of the most hotly anticipated horror series on television Teacup, premiering on Peacock this October."
Danse Macabre by Stephen King. No description available
"The Secretary of Dreams Volume One by Stephen King Glenn Chadbourne. Three beautiful novels from the groundbreaking, award winning author including a landmark work of lesbian fiction and basis for the film Desert Hearts The New York Times . First published in 1964, Desert of the Heart broke ground with its realistic and complex portrayal of love between two women, and immediately established Jane Rule s reputation as an extraordinary writer perhaps the most significant lesbian fiction writer of the twentieth century Katherine V. Forrest . Desert of the Heart Rule s debut novel is set in 1950s Reno, Nevada, where English professor Evelyn Hall has come for a quick divorce from her husband. There she meets Ann Childs, fifteen years her junior, who works as a change apron in a casino. As their friendship deepens into a romantic relationship, Evelyn s preconceptions about love, morality, and identity are challenged. An intelligent and utterly believable novel. Joyce Carol Oates The Young in One Another s Arms In Ruth Wheeler s Vancouver rooming house during the Vietnam War, an eclectic assortment of misfits, dropouts, deserters, and radicals become each other s chosen family. When developers threaten the property, the community is challenged to find a new home on Galiano Island. A mature and satisfying work. Bay Area Reporter This Is Not for You Through a decades long correspondence between Katherine and Esther, the woman with whom she falls passionately in love, Rule s second novel follows a group of friends living in New York and abroad as they explore the freedoms and limitations of their sexuality, as the repressed fifties gives way to the liberated sixties. A beautiful, ironic, civilized novel. Margaret Lawrence"
The Green Mile by Stephen King. No description available
Dreamcatcher by Stephen King William Olivier Desmond Maria Teresa Marenco. No description available
Storm of the Century An Original Screenplay by Stephen King. No description available
"The Body by Stephen King Robin Waterfield. Simple and straightforward, Thibodeau and Patton's Structure Function of the Body, 14th Edition makes the difficult concepts of anatomy and physiology clear and easier to understand. Focusing on the normal structure and function of the human body and what the body does to maintain homeostasis, this introductory text provides more than 400 vibrantly detailed illustrations and a variety of interactive learning tools to help you establish an essential foundation for success in the care of the human body. This title includes additional digital media when purchased in print format. For this digital book edition, media content may not be included."
Creepshow by Stephen King Bernie Wrightson Michele Wrightson. No description available
On Writing A Memoir by Stephen King. No description available
The Shining by Stephen King. No description available
"La Torre Oscura VII Tomo 2 of 2 La Torre Oscura 7 by Stephen King Ver nica Canales. El ltimo tomo de la pica historia de Roland y sus compa eros, h roes de la serie de Stephen King La Torre Oscura . Todo lo bueno se acaba, Lector Constante, y ni siquiera Stephen King es capaz de narrar una historia que nunca termina. El autor teme que los lectores que han seguido todas las aventuras de Roland desde su principio puedan llegar a cansarse. Sin embargo, ahora queda poco y lo ltimo a veces es lo mejor. Los compa eros del ka tet de Roland se encuentran separados en el espacio y en el tiempo y su primera meta es volver a juntarse. Susannah ha sobrevivido al parto del ser monstruoso. Jake, Ancho y el padre Callahan luchan contra sus enemigos en Nueva York. Roland y Eddie siguen en el a o 1977 en Maine all buscan la puerta de regreso a donde est n sus amigos. Y as comienza nuestra historia, una nueva incursi n de Stephen King en los mundos de la fantas a m s desbordada. Si has llegado hasta aqu , lector, sigue un poco m s, no temas llegar al final del camino. Bienvenido a la Torre Oscura! La cr tica ha dicho... El s ptimo y ltimo volumen, La Torre Oscura, har m s que satisfacer a sus voraces lectores. Es una novela absorbente, que sorprende constantemente, llena de verdadera magia narrativa, un final apropiado para una pica americana nica. The Washington Post's Book World"
The Dark Half by Stephen King. No description available
The Science of Stephen King From 'Carrie' to 'Cell ' The Terrifying Truth Behind the Horror Master's Fiction by Lois H. Gresh Robert E. Weinberg. No description available
The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon by Stephen King. No description available
Riding the Bullet by Stephen King Josh Hamilton. No description available
"The Bachman Books Four Early Novels by Stephen King by Stephen King Richard Bachman. A collection of Stephen King's early works, written under the pseudonym of Richard Bachman"
El umbral de la noche by Stephen King Gregorio Vlastelica Eduardo Goligorsky. No description available
Stand by Me by Raynold Gideon. No description available
La danza de la muerte by Stephen King Eduardo Goligorsky. No description available
The Gardens of Emily Dickinson by Judith Farr Louise Carter. No description available
The Life of Emily Dickinson by Richard B. Sewall. No description available
The Poems of Emily Dickinson by Emily Dickinson R.W. Franklin. No description available
Selected Poetry of Emily Dickinson by Emily Dickinson. No description available
The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath by Sylvia Plath Karen V. Kukil. No description available
Ariel The Restored Edition by Sylvia Plath Frieda Hughes. No description available
The Colossus and Other Poems by Sylvia Plath. No description available
Rough Magic A Biography of Sylvia Plath by Paul Alexander. No description available
The Journals of Sylvia Plath by Sylvia Plath Ted Hughes Frances McCullough. No description available
The Death and Life of Sylvia Plath by Ronald Hayman. No description available
"Te Kaihau The Windeater by Keri Hulme. A collection of stories by the author of T he bone people', this book portrays the melodic traditions of Maori culture and language."
Everyman by Philip Roth. No description available
"American Pastoral The American Trilogy 1 by Philip Roth. PULITZER PRIZE WINNER NATIONAL BESTSELLER From one of the most acclaimed writers of the twentieth century a compulsively readable elegy for America s promises of prosperity, civic order, and domestic bliss, and one of Roth's most powerful novels ever The New York Times . Here is Philip Roth's masterpiece, featuring Nathan Zuckerman and the story of Swede Levov, a legendary athlete at his Newark high school, who grows up in the booming postwar years to marry a former Miss New Jersey, inherit his father's glove factory, and move into a stone house in the idyllic hamlet of Old Rimrock. And then one day in 1968, Swede's beautiful American luck deserts him. For Swede's adored daughter, Merry, has grown from a loving, quick witted girl into a sullen, fanatical teenager a teenager capable of an outlandishly savage act of domestic terrorism. And overnight Swede is wrenched out of the longed for American pastoral and into the indigenous American berserk. Compulsively readable, propelled by sorrow, rage, and a deep compassion for its characters, American Pastoral gives us Philip Roth at the height of his powers."
"I Married a Communist The American Trilogy 2 by Philip Roth. Radio actor Iron Rinn born Ira Ringold is a big Newark roughneck blighted by a brutal personal secret from which he is perpetually in flight. An idealistic Communist, a self educated ditchdigger turned popular performer, a six foot six inch Abe Lincoln look alike, he marries the nation's reigning radio actress and beloved silent film star, the exquisite Eve Frame born Chava Fromkin . Their marriage evolves from a glamorous, romantic idyll into a dispiriting soap opera of tears and treachery. And with Eve's dramatic revelation to the gossip columnist Bryden Grant of her husband's life of espionage for the Soviet Union, the relationship enlarges from private drama into national scandal. Set in the heart of the McCarthy era, the story of Iron Rinn's denunciation and disgrace brings to harrowing life the human drama that was central to the nation's political tribulations in the dark years of betrayal, the blacklist, and naming names. I Married a Communist is an American tragedy as only Philip Roth could write it."
Sabbath's Theater by Philip Roth. No description available
The Counterlife by Philip Roth. No description available
Rabbit Angstrom The Four Novels by John Updike. No description available
Terrorist by John Updike. No description available
Rabbit Novels Rabbit Run and Rabbit Redux by John Updike. No description available
Brazil by John Updike. No description available
Conversations with John Updike by James Plath. No description available
"Rabbit at Rest Rabbit Angstrom 4 by John Updike. PULITZER PRIZE WINNER One of the most gifted American writers of the twentieth century brings back ex basketball player Harry Rabbit Angstrom, the late middle aged hero of Rabbit, Run, who has acquired heart trouble, a Florida condo, and a second grandchild, and is looking for reasons to live. Brilliant . . . the best novel about America to come out of America for a very, very long time. The Washington Post Book World Rabbit s son, Nelson, is behaving erratically his daughter in law, Pru, is sending out mixed signals and his wife, Janice, decides in midlife to become a working girl. As, through the winter, spring, and summer of 1989, Reagan's debt ridden, AIDS plagued America yields to that of George Bush, Rabbit explores the bleak terrain of late middle age, looking for reasons to live. The geographical locale is divided between Brewer, in southestern Pennyslvania, and Deleon, in southwestern Florida."
Rest Rabbit Rest Sweet Pickles 18 by Jacquelyn Reinach Richard Hefter. No description available
The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love by Oscar Hijuelos. No description available
Mr. Ives' Christmas by Oscar Hijuelos. No description available
A Simple Habana Melody by Oscar Hijuelos. No description available
The Fourteen Sisters of Emilio Montez O'Brien by Oscar Hijuelos. No description available
The Stories of John Cheever by John Cheever Pelle Fritz Crone. No description available
Istanbul Memories and the City by Orhan Pamuk. No description available
The Black Book by Orhan Pamuk Maureen Freely. No description available
The White Castle by Orhan Pamuk Victoria Rowe Holbrook. No description available
La Vida Nueva by Orhan Pamuk Rafael Carpintero. No description available
Granta 85 Hidden Histories by Ian Jack. No description available
Me llamo rojo by Orhan Pamuk Rafael Carpintero. No description available
The Collected Poems 1957 1987 by Octavio Paz Eliot Weinberger Elizabeth Bishop. No description available
"The Labyrinth of Solitude and Other Writings by Octavio Paz Lysander Kemp Yara Milos. As well as the nine essays on his country's psyche and history that make up The Labyrinth of Solitude, this highly acclaimed volume also includes The Other Mexico, Paz's heartfelt response to the government massacre of over three hundred students in Mexico City in 1968, and Return to the Labyrinth of Solitude, in which he discusses his famous work with Claude Fell. The two final essays contain further reflections on the Mexican government."
Sor Juana Or the Traps of Faith by Octavio Paz Margaret Sayers Peden. No description available
Selected Poems by Octavio Paz Eliot Weinberger Charles Tomlinson William Carlos Williams Monique Fong Wust G. Aroul Elizabeth Bishop Paul Blackburn Lysander Kemp Denise Levertov Muriel Rukeyser Mark Strand. No description available
The Double Flame Love and Eroticism by Octavio Paz Helen Lane. No description available
The English Patient A Screenplay Screen and Cinema by Anthony Minghella Michael Ondaatje. No description available
Angels Insects by A.S. Byatt. No description available
The Blue Flower by Penelope Fitzgerald. No description available
The Bookshop The Gate of Angels The Blue Flower by Penelope Fitzgerald Frank Kermode. No description available
"The Human Stain The American Trilogy 3 by Philip Roth. NATIONAL BESTSELLER WINNER OF THE PEN FAULKNER AWARD The Pulitzer Prize winning author of American Pastoral delivers a master novelist's haunting parable about our troubled modern moment The Wall Street Journal . One of the New York Times s 100 Best Books of the 21st Century It is 1998, the year in which America is whipped into a frenzy of prurience by the impeachment of a president, and in a small New England town, an aging classics professor, Coleman Silk, is forced to retire when his colleagues decree that he is a racist. The charge is a lie, but the real truth about Silk would have astonished even his most virulent accuser. Coleman Silk has a secret, one which has been kept for fifty years from his wife, his four children, his colleagues, and his friends, including the writer Nathan Zuckerman. It is Zuckerman who stumbles upon Silk's secret and sets out to reconstruct the unknown biography of this eminent, upright man, esteemed as an educator for nearly all his life, and to understand how this ingeniously contrived life came unraveled. And to understand also how Silk's astonishing private history is, in the words of The Wall Street Journal, magnificently interwoven with the larger public history of modern America."
Housekeeping by Marilynne Robinson. No description available
"All Aunt Hagar's Children Stories by Edward P. Jones. In fourteen sweeping and sublime stories, five of which have been published in The New Yorker, the bestselling and Pulitzer Prize winning author of The Known World shows that his grasp of the human condition is firmer than ever Returning to the city that inspired his first prizewinning book, Lost in the City, Jones has filled this new collection with people who call Washington, D.C., home. Yet it is not the city's power brokers that most concern him but rather its ordinary citizens. All Aunt Hagar's Children turns an unflinching eye to the men, women, and children caught between the old ways of the South and the temptations that await them further north, people who in Jones's masterful hands, emerge as fully human and morally complex, whether they are country folk used to getting up with the chickens or people with centuries of education behind them. In the title story, in which Jones employs the first person rhythms of a classic detective story, a Korean War veteran investigates the death of a family friend whose sorry destiny seems inextricable from his mother's own violent Southern childhood. In In the Blink of God's Eye and Tapestry newly married couples leave behind the familiarity of rural life to pursue lives of urban promise only to be challenged and disappointed. With the legacy of slavery just a stone's throw away and the future uncertain, Jones's cornucopia of characters will haunt readers for years to come."
Lost in the City by Edward P. Jones. No description available
White Noise by Don DeLillo. No description available
Love Lies Bleeding by Don DeLillo. No description available
The Body Artist by Don DeLillo. No description available
The Hotel New Hampshire by John Irving. No description available
Das Hotel New Hampshire by John Irving Hans Hermann. No description available
El Hotel New Hampshire by John Irving Iris Men ndez. No description available
Black Girl White Girl by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
"Them Wonderland Quartet 3 by Joyce Carol Oates Elaine Showalter. If the phrase woman of letters existed, Joyce Carol Oates would be, foremost in this country, entitled to it. John Updike, The New Yorker As powerful and relevant today as it was on its initial publication, them chronicles the tumultuous lives of a family living on the edge of ruin in the Detroit slums, from the 1930s to the 1967 race riots. Praised by The Nation for her potent, life gripping imagination, Joyce Carol Oates traces the aspirations and struggles of Loretta Wendall, a dreamy young mother who is filled with regret by the age of sixteen, and the subsequent destinies of her children, Maureen and Jules, who must fight to survive in a world of violence and danger. Winner of the National Book Award, them is an enthralling novel about love, class, race, and the inhumanity of urban life. It is, raves The New York Times, a superbly accomplished vision. Them is the third novel in the Wonderland Quartet. The books that complete this acclaimed series, A Garden of Earthly Delights, Expensive People, and Wonderland, are also available from the Modern Library. Oates is a superb storyteller. For sheer readability, them is unsurpassed. The Atlanta Journal Constitution"
You Must Remember This by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
"Wonderland Wonderland Quartet 4 by Joyce Carol Oates Elaine Showalter. Joyce Carol Oates s Wonderland Quartet comprises four remarkable novels that explore social class in America and the inner lives of young Americans. Spanning from the Great Depression to the turbulent Vietnam War era, Wonderland is the epic account of Jesse Vogel, a boy who emerged from a family tragedy with his life spared but his world torn apart. Orphaned after watching his father murder his entire family, Jesse embarks on a personal odyssey that takes him from a Dickensian foster home to college and graduate school to the pinnacle of the medical profession. As an adult, Jesse must summon the strength to reach across the generation gap and rescue his endangered teenaged daughter, who has fallen into the drug infused 1960s counterculture. Hailed by Library Journal as the greatest of Oates s novels, Wonderland is the capstone of a magnificent literary excursion that plunges beneath the glossy surface of American life. Wonderland is the final novel in Joyce Carol Oates s Wonderland Quartet. The books that complete this acclaimed series, A Garden of Earthly Delights, Expensive People, and them, are also available from the Modern Library."
Missing Mom by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
After the Wreck I Picked Myself Up Spread My Wings and Flew Away by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
Zombie by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
The Stone Diaries by Carol Shields. No description available
Insurgent Collective Action and Civil War in El Salvador by Elisabeth Jean Wood. No description available
The Whipping Boy by Sid Fleischman Peter S s. No description available
"Dicey's Song Tillerman Cycle 2 by Cynthia Voigt. Now that the four abandoned Tillerman children are settled in with their grandmother, Dicey finds that their new beginnings require love, trust, humor, and courage."
Puzzle Pack The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Mary B. Collins. No description available
City on the Seine Paris in the Time of Richelieu and Louis XIV 1614 1715 by Andrew P. Trout. No description available
"Teach Them Diligently How to Use the Scriptures in Child Training by Lou Priolo. It s easy to say we trust Christ for everything, but are we living that truth? We ve been given clear instruction in a powerful promise for parents. God tells us in Deuteronomy to teach our children diligently. This passage and many others give us great insight as to how to do that and enjoy the promised blessing that always accompanies the mandates we are given. Learn the practical view of discipleship parenting, what God expects from parents, and how to put these truths into actionSee how parenting with the vision of teaching them diligently will intentionally bear fruit and affect change in your own life as wellMove beyond giving lip service to what you believe, and make the conscious choice to rely on the wisdom of God s holy instruction for your life and parenting. So, why are we as Christian parents still uncertain? Why do we live in fear? Why are we losing our children in record numbers? What can we do about it?"
"The Confessions of Nat Turner by William Styron. Nat Turner 1800 1831 was an enslaved African American who led a rebellion of slaves and free blacks in Southampton County, Virginia on August 21, 1831. His story is the basis for the controversial new film The Birth of a Nation from Fox Searchlight Pictures. The Confessions of Nat Turner is the key primary document supporting historical events. It is a first hand account of Turner's confessions published by a local lawyer, Thomas Ruffin Gray, in 1831."
Set This House On Fire by William Styron. No description available
Darkness Visible A Memoir of Madness by William Styron. No description available
A Book of Blue Flowers by Robert L. Geneve. No description available
Falconer by John Cheever. No description available
The Wapshot Chronicle by John Cheever Rick Moody. No description available
72 Hour Hold by Bebe Moore Campbell. No description available
"The Witching Hour Lives of the Mayfair Witches 1 by Anne Rice. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER From the beloved author of the Vampire Chronicles, the first installation of her spellbinding Mayfair Chronicles the inspiration for the hit television series! Extraordinary . . . Anne Rice offers more than just a story she creates myth. The Washington Post Book World Rowan Mayfair, a beautiful woman, a brilliant practitioner of neurosurgery aware that she has special powers but unaware that she comes from an ancient line of witches finds the drowned body of a man off the coast of California and brings him to life. He is Michael Curry, who was born in New Orleans and orphaned in childhood by fire on Christmas Eve, who pulled himself up from poverty, and who now, in his brief interval of death, has acquired a sensory power that mystifies and frightens him. As these two, fiercely drawn to each other, fall in love and in passionate alliance set out to solve the mystery of her past and his unwelcome gift, an intricate tale of evil unfolds. Moving through time from today s New Orleans and San Francisco to long ago Amsterdam and a ch teau in the Louis XIV s France, and from the coffee plantations of Port au Prince, where the great Mayfair fortune is made and the legacy of their dark power is almost destroyed, to Civil War New Orleans, The Witching Hour is a luminous, deeply enchanting novel. The magic of the Mayfairs continues THE WITCHING HOUR LASHER TALTOS"
The Victim by Saul Bellow. No description available
The Adventures of Augie March by Saul Bellow Christopher Hitchens. No description available
Mr. Sammler's Planet by Saul Bellow Stanley Crouch. No description available
Novels 1956 1964 Seize the Day Henderson the Rain King Herzog by Saul Bellow James Wood. No description available
"Broken Women of the Otherworld 6 by Kelley Armstrong. In this thrilling new novel from the author of Industrial Magic, a pregnant werewolf may have unwittingly unleashed Jack the Ripper on the twenty first century and become his next target Ever since she discovered she s pregnant, Elena Michaels has been on edge. After all, she s never heard of another living female werewolf, let alone one who s given birth. But thankfully, her expertise is needed to retrieve a stolen letter allegedly written by Jack the Ripper. As a distraction, the job seems simple enough only the letter contains a portal to Victorian London s underworld, which Elena inadvertently triggers unleashing a vicious killer and a pair of zombie thugs. Now Elena must find a way to seal the portal before the unwelcome visitors get what they re looking for which, for some unknown reason, is Elena"
Exit Strategy Nadia Stafford 1 by Kelley Armstrong. No description available
"Bitten Otherworld 1 by Kelley Armstrong. FROM THE AUTHOR OF HEMLOCK ISLAND THE FIRST NOVEL IN THE 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLING OTHERWORLD SERIES Frisky...Tells a rather sweet love story, and suggests that being a wolf may be more comfortable for a strong, smart woman than being human. The New York Times Book Review Elena Michaels is the world s only female werewolf. And she s tired of it. Tired of a life spent hiding and protecting, a life where her most important job is hunting down rogue werewolves. Tired of a world that not only accepts the worst in her her temper, her violence but requires it. Worst of all, she realizes she s growing content with that life, with being that person. So she left the Pack and returned to Toronto where she s trying to live as a human. When the Pack leader calls asking for her help fighting a sudden uprising, she only agrees because she owes him. Once this is over, she ll be squared with the Pack and free to live life as a human. Which is what she wants. Really."
"Haunted Women of the Otherworld 5 by Kelley Armstrong. Readers around the world have fallen for Kelley Armstrong s intoxicating, sensual and wicked tales of the paranormal, in which demons and witches, werewolves and vampires collide often hilariously, sometimes violently with everyday life. In Armstrong s first six novels, Elena, Paige and Eve have had their way with us. Now get ready for Jaime Vegas, the luscious, lovelorn and haunted necromancer. . . Jaime, who knows a thing or two about showbiz, is on a television shoot in Los Angeles when weird things start to happen. As a woman whose special talent is raising the dead, her threshold for weirdness is pretty high she s used to not only seeing dead people but hearing them speak to her in very emphatic terms. But for the first time in her life as invisible hands brush her skin, unintelligible fragments of words are whispered into her ears, and beings move just at the corner of her eye she knows what humans mean when they talk about being haunted. She is determined to get to the bottom of these manifestations, but as she sets out to solve the mystery she has no idea how scary her investigation will get, or to what depths ordinary humans will sink in their attempts to gain supernatural powers. As she digs into the dark underside of Los Angeles, she ll need as much Otherworld help as she can get in order to survive, calling on her personal angel, Eve, and Hope, the well meaning chaos demon. Jeremy, the alpha werewolf, is also by her side offering protection. And, Jaime hopes, maybe a little more than that. As I knelt on the cobblestones to begin the ritual, I opened not some ancient leather pouch, but a Gucci make up bag. . . . I know little about the geography and theology of the afterlife, but I do know that the worst spirits are kept secured, and my risk of accidentally tapping into a hell dimension is next to nil. Even if I do bring back some depraved killer s spirit, what can it do to me? When you deprive someone of the ability to act in the living world, he s pretty darned helpless. In death, even the worst killer plummets from lethal to merely annoying. Yet whatever had been trying to contact me apparently could cross that barrier, could act in the living world. . .at least on me. I added an extra helping of vervain to the censer. from No Humans Involved"
"Dime Store Magic Women of the Otherworld 3 by Kelley Armstrong. After the death of her mother, Paige Winterbourne inherits the role of leader of the American Coven of Witches and is put in charge of an orphan girl who is all too willing to use her powers for evil and must be shown the proper way to use her magic."
"Industrial Magic Women of the Otherworld 4 by Kelley Armstrong. Featuring characters from the second season of the Syfy series Bitten, this eBook bundle brings together the witches trilogy from New York Times bestselling author Kelley Armstrong s delicious Otherworld series. Sure to mesmerize fans of Deborah Harkness, Laurell K. Hamilton, and Karen Marie Moning, these novels introduce a trio of kickass heroines who perfectly showcase Armstrong s thrilling imagination. DIME STORE MAGIC Paige Winterbourne was always either too young or too rebellious to succeed her mother as leader of the elite American Coven of Witches. Now that she s twenty three, the Elders can no longer deny her. But even Paige s wildest antics can t hold a candle to those of her new charge, Savannah, who is all too willing to use her budding powers for evil, and evil is all too willing to claim her. For this girl is being pursued by a dark faction of the supernatural underworld. It s an initiation into adulthood, womanhood, and the brutal side of magic and Paige will have to do everything within her power to make sure they both survive. INDUSTRIAL MAGIC Someone is murdering the teenage offspring of the underworld s most influential Cabals a circle of families that makes the mob look like amateurs. And none is more powerful than the Cortez Cabal, a faction with which Paige is intimately acquainted. Her boyfriend is none other than Lucas Cortez, the rebel son and unwilling heir. But love isn t blind, and Paige has her eyes wide open as she is drawn into a hunt for an unnatural born killer. Pitted against shamans, demons, and goons, it s a battle chilling enough to make a wild young woman grow up in a hurry. If Paige gets the chance. HAUNTED Eve Levine half demon, black witch, and devoted mother has been dead for three years. She has a great house and an interesting love life, and she can t be killed again, which comes in handy when you ve made as many enemies as Eve has. All she needs to do is find a way to communicate with her daughter, Savannah, and she ll be happy. But the Fates have other plans. They want Eve to hunt down an evil spirit called the Nix, who has escaped from hell, before she does any more damage. But the Nix is a dangerous enemy The only way to stop her is with an angel s sword and Eve is no angel. Praise for Kelley Armstrong and the Otherworld series Gripping . . . a sexy supernatural romance whose special strength lies in its seamless incorporation of the supernatural into the real world. Publishers Weekly, on Dime Store Magic One of my favorite writers. New York Times bestselling author Karin Slaughter Up there with the big girls of the genre like Laurell K. Hamilton. The Kansas City Star Armstrong writes page turning prose. Booklist One of the masters of urban fantasy. Fresh Fiction"
"Stolen Women of the Otherworld 2 by Kelley Armstrong. From the author of Hemlock Island the second novel in the 1 New York Times bestselling Otherworld series. Elena Michaels is back and she has company. When a young witch tells Elena that a group of humans are kidnapping supernaturals, Elena ignores the warning. After all, everyone knows there s no such thing as witches. As for the thought of other supernaturals , well, she d just rather not dwell on the possibility. Soon, however, she s confronted with the truth about her world, when she s kidnapped and thrown into a cell block with witches, sorcerers, half demons and other werewolves. As Elena soon discovers, dealing with her fellow captives is the least of her worries. In this prison, the real monsters carry the keys. Lending a mission of vampires, demons, shamans, and witches, Elena is lured into the net of ruthless Internet billionaire Tyrone Winsloe, who is well on his way to amassing a private collection of supernaturals. He plans to harness their powers for himself even if it means killing them. For Elena, kidnapped and imprisoned deep underground, unable to tell her friends from her enemies, choosing the right allies is a matter of life and death."
Moderato cantabile by Marguerite Duras. No description available
The Line Between by Peter S. Beagle. No description available
Tamsin by Peter S. Beagle. No description available
The Fantasy Worlds of Peter Beagle by Peter S. Beagle. No description available
The Innkeeper's Song by Peter S. Beagle. No description available
Uncle Setnakt's Essential Guide to the Left Hand Path by Don Webb. No description available
Les petits chevaux de Tarquinia by Marguerite Duras. No description available
"The Humanoids Humanoids 1 by Jack Williamson. Sleek androids have spread slowly through the galaxy, threatening human dominance, until a small band of rebels rise up against the humanoid tide."
Terraforming Earth by Jack Williamson. No description available
Les jeux sont faits by Jean Paul Sartre. No description available
The Plague The Fall Exile and the Kingdom and Selected Essays by Albert Camus Stuart Gilbert Justin O'Brien David Bellos. No description available
The Rebel by Albert Camus Anthony Bower Herbert Read. No description available
The Fall by Albert Camus Justin O'Brien. No description available
Camus at Combat Writing 1944 1947 by Albert Camus Jacqueline Levi Valensi Arthur Goldhammer David Carroll. No description available
Resistance Rebellion and Death Essays by Albert Camus Justin O'Brien. No description available
I Who Have Never Known Men by Jacqueline Harpman Ros Schwartz. No description available
Crime Novels American Noir of the 1950s by Robert Polito Jim Thompson Patricia Highsmith Charles Willeford David Goodis Chester Himes. No description available
Raise High the Roof Beam Carpenters and Seymour an Introduction by J.D. Salinger. No description available
The Algebraist by Iain M. Banks. No description available
"Excession Culture 5 by Iain M. Banks. The novels of Iain M. Banks have forever changed the face of modern science fiction. His Culture books combine breathtaking imagination with exceptional storytelling, and have secured his reputation as one of the most extraordinary and influential writers in the genre. 'Banks is a phenomenon' William Gibson Two and a half millennia ago in a remote corner of space, beside a trillion year old dying sun from a different universe, the artifact appeared. It was a perfect black body sphere, and it did nothing. Then it disappeared. Now it is back. Diplomat Genar Hofoen of Special Circumstances is sent to investigate but, sidetracked by an old flame and the spoiled brat operative Ulver Seich, and faced with the systematic depravities of a race who call themselves the Affront, it's anyone's guess whether he'll succeed . . . Praise for the Culture series 'Epic in scope, ambitious in its ideas and absorbing in its execution' Independent on Sunday 'Banks has created one of the most enduring and endearing visions of the future' Guardian 'Jam packed with extraordinary invention' Scotsman 'Compulsive reading' Sunday Telegraph The Culture series Consider Phlebas The Player of Games Use of Weapons Excession Inversions Look to Windward Matter Surface Detail The Hydrogen Sonata The State of the Art Other books by Iain M. Banks Against a Dark Background Feersum Endjinn The Algebraist Also now available The Culture The Drawings an extraordinary collection of original illustrations faithfully reproduced from sketchbooks Banks kept in the 1970s and 80s, depicting the ships, habitats, geography, weapons and language of Banks' Culture series of novels in incredible detail."
"Look to Windward Culture 7 by Iain M. Banks. Originally published Great Britain Orbit, 2000."
"Inversions Culture 6 by Iain M. Banks. Originally published London Orbit, 1998."
Exzession Culture 5 by Iain M. Banks Irene Bonhorst. No description available
Iain Banks' 'The Wasp Factory' 'The Crow Road' and 'Whit' by Alan MacGillivray. No description available
A Song Of Stone by Iain Banks. No description available
Selected Poems by Herman Melville Robert Faggen. No description available
Herman Melville A Biography by Hershel Parker. No description available
The Confidence Man by Herman Melville Tony Tanner John Dugdale. No description available
"The Italian Girl Ackroyd and Thackeray 5 by Patricia Hall. Thackeray and Ackroyd tackle a 45 year old murder in another of Hall's masterful Yorkshire procedural series. As the two slowly build a case, they also disturb a killer long still."
An Unofficial Rose by Iris Murdoch. No description available
Days A Tangier Diary by Paul Bowles. No description available
The Sheltering Sky Let It Come Down The Spider's House by Paul Bowles Daniel Halpern. No description available
The Spider's House by Paul Bowles Francine Prose. No description available
A Hundred Camels in the Courtyard by Paul Bowles. No description available
"Collected Stories and Later Writings by Paul Bowles Daniel Halpern. The Library of America has made it easier for readers to enjoy Bowles s exotic literary harvest. The Columbus Dispatch Paul Bowles was a composer, writer, and an American expatriate who spent most of the last five decades of his life in Tangier. According The Boston Globe, he was one of the literary class acts of the twentieth century. This Library of America volume, containing his stories and travel writings, is one of two volumes in the first annotated edition of Paul Bowles s work and is a treasure trove for readers who haven t explored beyond The Sheltering Sky The Seattle Times . All the tales are a variety of detective story, wrote Bowles of his first collection, The Delicate Prey and Other Stories 1950 , in which the reader is the detective the mystery is the motivation for the characters behavior. In such stories as A Distant Episode and How Many Midnights, Bowles pushes human character beyond socially defined limits and maps a transformed often horribly transformed reality. A master of gothic terror and an acute and at times diabolically funny observer of manners and motives both American and Moroccan, Bowles confirmed his mastery of the short story in such volumes as A Hundred Camels in the Courtyard 1962 , The Time of Friendship 1967 , Things Gone and Things Still Here 1977 , and Midnight Mass 1981 , all included here along with a selection of his final stories. This volume also contains Up Above the World 1966 , a frightening novella set in Latin America in which a trusting American couple are lured into an annihilating trap, and the informed and fascinating travel book Their Heads Are Green and Their Hands Are Blue 1963 . LIBRARY OF AMERICA is an independent nonprofit cultural organization founded in 1979 to preserve our nation s literary heritage by publishing, and keeping permanently in print, America s best and most significant writing. The Library of America series includes more than 300 volumes to date, authoritative editions that average 1,000 pages in length, feature cloth covers, sewn bindings, and ribbon markers, and are printed on premium acid free paper that will last for centuries."
"The Sheltering Sky by Paul Bowles. This 50th anniversary edition of The Sheltering Sky , one of the great novels of the 20th century, features an original review of the book by Tennessee Williams. Stands head and shoulders above most other novels published in English since World War II . New Republic ."
Points in Time by Paul Bowles. No description available
"The Accidental Bodyguard Accidental 2 by Ann Major. CELEBRATION 1000 MAN OF THE MONTH MR. JUNE The Man Lucas Broderick powerhouse lawyer. The Job Millions had been left to a conniving goody two shoes. Lucas's mission? To break the will. Accident about to happen Beautiful mystery heiress Bethany Ann Moran a.k.a. Chandra. Lucas Broderick had been hired for the case of the century! The Moran family matriarch had died, leaving her fortune to Bethany Ann the dark horse granddaughter. But Bethany never arrived to claim her inheritance and coincidentally Lucas wound up with an alluring amnesiac hiding out in his house. Lucas knew the gorgeous stranger was trouble, but nothing would stop him from protecting her. Even though Chandra bore a remarkable resemblance to Bethany Ann Moran . MAN OF THE MONTH Can Lucas save her from the dangerous past? He has to and this time he'll make Chandra his bride! Find out in this exciting Celebration 1000 MAN OF THE MONTH."
The Nice and the Good by Iris Murdoch. No description available
No More Christian Nice Guy When Being Nice Instead of Good Hurts Men Women and Children by Paul Coughlin Laura Schlessinger. No description available
Good Omens The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter Witch by Terry Pratchett Neil Gaiman. No description available
Buenos Presagios las buenas y ajustadas profec as de Agnes La Chalada by Terry Pratchett Neil Gaiman. No description available
Philosophical Investigations by Ludwig Wittgenstein G.E.M. Anscombe. No description available
Wittgenstein's Poker The Story of a Ten Minute Argument Between Two Great Philosophers by David Edmonds John Eidinow. No description available
Tractatus Logico Philosophicus by Ludwig Wittgenstein David Pears Brian McGuinness Bertrand Russell. No description available
On Certainty by Ludwig Wittgenstein G.E.M. Anscombe George Henrik von Wright. No description available
Wittgenstein on Rules and Private Language An Elementary Exposition by Saul A. Kripke. No description available
Ludwig Wittgenstein The Duty of Genius by Ray Monk. No description available
Wittgenstein's Vienna by Allan Janik Stephen Toulmin. No description available
The Blue and Brown Books by Ludwig Wittgenstein Rush Rhees. No description available
Long Day's Journey into Night by Eugene O'Neill Harold Bloom. No description available
Long Day's Journey The Steamboat Stagecoach Era in the Northern West by Carlos A. Schwantes. No description available
En attendant Godot by Samuel Beckett. No description available
The Coming of Godot A Short History of a Masterpiece by Jonathan Croall Peter Hall. No description available
"The Bald Soprano and Other Plays by Eug ne Ionesco Donald M. Allen. This Absurdist masterpiece by the author of Rhinoceros is explosively, liberatingly funny...a loony parody with a climax which is an orgy of non sequiturs The Observer . Written in 1950, Eugene Ionesco s first play, The Bald Soprano, was a seminal work of Absurdist theatre. Today, it is celebrated around the world as a modern classic for its imagination and sui generis theatricality. A hilarious parody of English manners and a striking statement on the alienation of modern life, it was inspired by the strange dialogues Ionesco encountered in foreign language phrase books. Ionesco went on to become an internationally renowned master of modern drama, famous for the comic proportions and bizarre effects that allow his work to be simultaneously hilarious, tragic, and profound. As Ionesco has said, Theater is not literature. . . . It is simply what cannot be expressed by any other means."
"Three Plays Exit the King The Killer Macbett by Eug ne Ionesco Charles Marowitz Donald Watson. Exit the King is a highly stylized, ritualized death rite unfolding the final hours of the once great king Berenger the First. As he dies, his kingdom also dies. His armies suffer defeat, the young emigrate, the seasons change overnight, and his kingdom's borders shrink to the outline of his throne. At last, as the curtain falls, the king himself dissolves into a gray mist. The Killer is a study of pure evil. B renger, a conscientious citizen, finds himself in a radiantly beautiful city marred only by the presence of a killer. B renger's determination to find the murderer in the face of official indifference and his final defeat at the hands of an impersonal, pitiless cruelty speak with the universality of Kafka's The Trial. Publisher's description."
"The Discovery of New Worlds Story of the World 2 by Margaret Bertha Synge. Relates the rise and fall of the Roman Empire, the middle ages in Europe, the rise of Islam and the Crusades, and finally the age of exploration, and the establishment of trade with the Far East. The book concludes with the discoveries of Columbus and the Spanish settlements in the New World. Back cover."
Six Characters in Search of an Author and Other Plays by Luigi Pirandello Mark Musa. No description available
The Oil Jar and Other Stories by Luigi Pirandello Stanley Appelbaum. No description available
The Late Mattia Pascal by Luigi Pirandello William Weaver Charles Simic. No description available
One No One and One Hundred Thousand by Luigi Pirandello William Weaver Samuel Putnam. No description available
"Henry IV by Luigi Pirandello Tom Stoppard. The year is 1402, and King Henry IV sits uneasily on the throne that he wrested from his predecessor, Richard II. King Henry disapproves of his son, Prince Henry, and his habit of hanging around criminals like the witty but dishonest Falstaff. Meanwhile, young Hotspur Percy helps his family plot a rebellion to overthrow the king. Civil war is imminent, and the fate of the kingdom will be decided in a great battle at Shrewsbury. Faced with bloodshed, Prince Henry must find it within himself to be the son and heir his father has always wanted him to be. First published in 1598, this unabridged version of William Shakespeare's history play is the second in his tetralogy about the rise of the English royal House of Lancaster."
Three Plays by Luigi Pirandello Robert Rietty Julian Mitchell John Linstrum. No description available
"Sierra's Homecoming McKettricks 5 by Linda Lael Miller. McKettrick s Choice When news arrived that there was trouble back in Texas, Holt McKettrick left a mail order bride and his family on the spot. And he never looked back. He just prayed he d be in time to save the man who had raised him as a son and keep his best friend from the gallows. He knew he d encounter rustlers, scoundrels and thieves, but he d never expected to find a woman like Lorelei Fellows. Setting fire to her wedding dress in the town square probably wasn t the best way to stand her ground. But Lorelei had had enough. She was sick of men and their schemes. All she wanted was to stake her claim on her own little piece of Texas. And with Holt McKettrick as a neighbour, things were beginning to look up. The man was a straight shooter with a strong will, a steady aim and a hungry heart. Sierra s Homecoming Sierra McKettrick feels like a fraud. She might be moving to her family s ancestral ranch with her son, but being a McKettrick by blood isn t enough to make her fit in. To make matters worse, from the moment she met the Triple M s ranch hand, he d gotten under Sierra s skin. With his rugged body and tender compassion, Travis Reid was a temptation she didn t need or want. But as Sierra begins to form a connection to one of her ancestors, Hannah McKettrick also a woman with a young son and an inconvenient attraction to the wrong man she starts to realise there are some bonds that even time can t break. And there are some charmed places where even the loneliest of people can find home and love."
"Homecoming Tillerman Cycle 1 by Cynthia Voigt. A Time Best YA Book of All Time 2021 The iconic start to the timeless, Newbery winning series from Cynthia Voigt is repackaged with a fresh new look. It s still true. That s the first thing James Tillerman says to his older sister, Dicey, every morning. It s still true that their mother has abandoned the four Tillermans in a mall parking lot somewhere in the middle of Connecticut. It s still true that they have to find their own way to Great aunt Cilla s house in Bridgeport. It s still true that they need to spend as little as possible on food and seek shelter anywhere that is out of view of the authorities. It s still true that the only way they can hope to all stay together is to just keep moving forward. Deep down, Dicey hopes they can find someone to trust, someone who will take them in and love them. But she s afraid it s just too much to hope for...."
Buried Child by Sam Shepard. No description available
Seven Plays by Sam Shepard Richard Gilman. No description available
You Come Too Favorite Poems for Readers of All Ages by Robert Frost Noel Perrin. No description available
Watership Down by Richard Adams. No description available
Tales from Watership Down by Richard Adams. No description available
The Bake Shop Ghost by Jacqueline K. Ogburn Marjorie A. Priceman. No description available
The Journey That Saved Curious George The True Wartime Escape of Margret and H.A. Rey by Louise Borden Allan Drummond. No description available
All the Sad Young Men Works of F. Scott Fitzgerald by F. Scott Fitzgerald James L.W. West III. An edition of twenty Fitzgerald short stories based on surviving manuscripts and typescripts.
Memoirs of Hadrian by Marguerite Yourcenar Grace Frick. No description available
Every Book Its Reader The Power of the Printed Word to Stir the World by Nicholas A. Basbanes. No description available
Invitation to a Beheading by Vladimir Nabokov. No description available
Ada or Ardor A Family Chronicle by Vladimir Nabokov Fatih zg ven. No description available
Strong Opinions by Vladimir Nabokov. No description available
The Portable Conrad by Joseph Conrad Morton Dauwen Zabel Frederick R. Karl. No description available
Lord Jim by Joseph Conrad. No description available
Typhoon and Other Tales by Joseph Conrad Cedric Watts. No description available
Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening by Robert Frost Susan Jeffers. No description available
The Poetry of Robert Frost The Collected Poems Complete and Unabridged by Robert Frost Edward Connery Lathem. A complete collection of Robert Frost's poetry.
Frost by Thomas Bernhard Michael Hofmann. No description available
The Road Not Taken and Other Poems by Robert Frost. No description available
Collected Poems Prose and Plays by Robert Frost Richard Poirier Mark Richardson. No description available
Robert Frost A Life by Jay Parini. No description available
Three Plays Desire Under the Elms Strange Interlude Mourning Becomes Electra by Eugene O'Neill Luann Walther. No description available
A Streetcar Named Desire by Tennessee Williams. No description available
A Streetcar Named Desire by Tennessee Williams Arthur Miller. No description available
A Streetcar Named Desire SparkNotes Literature Guide by SparkNotes. No description available
CliffNotes on Williams' Glass Menagerie Streetcar Named Desire Cliffs Notes by James Lamar Roberts Tennessee Williams CliffsNotes. No description available
Pygmalion by George Bernard Shaw Dan H. Laurence Nicholas Grene. No description available
The Play Soldier by Chet Green. No description available
"Return to Ithaca Tales from the Odyssey 5 by Mary Pope Osborne Troy Howell. After seven years of captivity on Calypso's island, Odysseus finds himself on the shores of yet another strange land. Meanwhile, his wife, Penelope, fears for their son, Telemachus. His enemies Penelope's unwanted suitors plan to ambush and kill Telemachus upon his return from his journey to find Odysseus. But the family's years of suffering come to an end, as father and son are reunited in a series of startling, strange, and magical events. Odysseus is finally home and now his revenge begins. . . . In this series, Mary Pope Osborne retells thrilling stories from Homer's Odyssey, one of the greatest epics of all time. Mary Pope Osborne is the author of the best selling series The Magic Tree House. She has also written many acclaimed retellings of myths, folktales, and works of historical fiction. She and her husband, writer Will Osborne, live in northeastern Connecticut."
"The New Testament by Richmond Lattimore. Luke Timothy Johnson offers a compelling interpretation of the New Testament as a witness to the rise of early faith in Jesus. Critically judicious and theologically attuned to the role of the New Testament in the life of the church, Johnson deftly guides his reader through a wealth of historical and literary description and invites critical reflection on the meaning of these ancient writings for today. The third edition is carefully updated and includes new student friendly format and features, including a new design and study and reflection questions."
Greek Lyrics by Richmond Lattimore. No description available
The Iliad by Homer Robert Fagles Derek Jacobi. No description available
The Iliad Books 8 9 Classical Texts Series by Homer Charles H. Wilson. No description available
"The Gray Eyed Goddess Tales from the Odyssey 4 by Mary Pope Osborne Troy Howell Homer. For use in schools and libraries only. Retells a part of the Odyssey in which Odysseus continues his journey home as his wife and son, Penelope and Telemachus, are busy warding off men who wish to marry Penelope, until Telemachus asks a stranger for help."
Collected Stories by Tennessee Williams Gore Vidal. No description available
Saint Joan by George Bernard Shaw Dan H. Laurence Imogen Stubbs. No description available
The Intelligent Woman's Guide to Socialism Capitalism Sovietism and Fascism by George Bernard Shaw Susan Moller Okin. No description available
Molloy Malone Dies The Unnamable The Trilogy 1 3 by Samuel Beckett. No description available
The Adventures of Race Williams by Carroll John Daly. No description available
The Hidden Hand by Carroll John Daly Drew Bishop. No description available
Murder from the East by Carroll John Daly. No description available
Education as My Agenda Gertrude Williams Race the Baltimore Public Schools by Jo Ann Ooiman Robinson. No description available
The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne Thomas E. Connolly Nina Baym. No description available
The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne Kathryn Harrison. No description available
The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne. No description available
Nathaniel Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne Karin Jacobson. No description available
The Birth of Tragedy by Friedrich Nietzsche Clifton Fadiman. No description available
Human All Too Human Complete Works 3 by Friedrich Nietzsche Gary Handwerk. No description available
Basic Writings of Nietzsche by Friedrich Nietzsche Walter Kaufmann Peter Gay. No description available
Beyond Good and Evil by Friedrich Nietzsche R.J. Hollingdale Michael Tanner. A new translation and edition of Nietzsche's powerful and influential critique of philosophy.
Daybreak Thoughts on the Prejudices of Morality by Friedrich Nietzsche R.J. Hollingdale. No description available
How To Draw The Legend Of Zelda troll by Michael Teitelbaum Ron Zalme. No description available
Savage Beauty The Life of Edna St. Vincent Millay by Nancy Milford. No description available
Premi res Histoires by Jo o Guimar es Rosa. No description available
My Year of Meats by Ruth Ozeki. No description available
Beef by Ruth Ozeki. No description available
Mon pouse am ricaine by Ruth Ozeki Florence Mortimer. No description available
The Partly Cloudy Patriot by Sarah Vowell Katherine Streeter. No description available
The Risk Pool by Richard Russo. No description available
The Whore's Child and Other Stories by Richard Russo. No description available
Supermob How Sidney Korshak and His Criminal Associates Became America's Hidden Power Brokers by Gus Russo. No description available
The Lay of the Land by Richard Ford. No description available
Tom Ford by Graydon Carter Tom Ford Anna Wintour Bridget Foley. No description available
The People's Tycoon Henry Ford and the American Century by Steven Watts. No description available
Wilderness The Lost Writings Vol. 1 by Jim Morrison. No description available
"When Somebody Loves You Back Soulmates Dissipate 6 by Mary B. Morrison. Former playboy Darius Jones is back on top. His high profile legal trouble is finally behind him, and ahead is a bright NBA career and the engagement to his soul mate, the irrepressibly sexy Fancy Taylor. But bad news has a habit of coming when you least expect it, and this time Darius could loose everything he has. . . The New York Times and Essence Bestseller!"
Journey to the End of the Night by Louis Ferdinand C line Ralph Manheim William T. Vollmann. No description available
Europe Central by William T. Vollmann. No description available
Historical Atlas of Central Europe History of East Central Europe Vol. 1 by Paul Robert Magocsi. No description available
Passing by Nella Larsen Carla Kaplan. No description available
The Complete Fiction of Nella Larsen Passing Quicksand and the Stories by Nella Larsen Charles Larson Marita Golden. No description available
The Poet of Tolstoy Park by Sonny Brewer. No description available
A Calendar of Wisdom Daily Thoughts to Nourish the Soul by Leo Tolstoy Peter Sekirin. No description available
Safe Conduct An Autobiography and Other Writings by Boris Pasternak B. Deutsch. No description available
Letters Summer 1926 by Boris Pasternak Marina Tsvetaeva Rainer Maria Rilke. No description available
Traveller by Richard Adams. No description available
The Plague Dogs by Richard Adams. No description available
Maia Beklan Empire 2 by Richard Adams. No description available
The Girl in a Swing by Richard Adams. No description available
You Can't Go Home Again by Thomas Wolfe. No description available
Look Homeward Angel by Thomas Wolfe. No description available
Of Time and the River A Legend of Man's Hunger in His Youth by Thomas Wolfe Pat Conroy. No description available
Boys' Life Search and Destroy by Howard Korder. No description available
Complete Plays 1920 1931 by Eugene O'Neill Travis Bogard. No description available
Complete Plays 1913 1920 by Eugene O'Neill Travis Bogard. No description available
The Castle in the Forest by Norman Mailer. No description available
The Naked and the Dead by Norman Mailer. No description available
The Executioner's Song by Norman Mailer. No description available
"The Big Empty Dialogues on Politics Sex God Boxing Morality Myth Poker Bad Conscience in America by Norman Mailer John Buffalo Mailer. Questions are posed, writes Norman Mailer, in the hope they will open into richer insights, which in turn will bring forth sharper questions. In this series of conversations, John Buffalo Mailer, 27, poses a series of questions to his father, challenging the reflections and insights of the man who has dominated and defined much of American letters for the past sixty years. Their wide ranging discussions take place over the course of a year, beginning in July 2004. Set against the backdrop of George W. Bush's re election campaign and the war in Iraq, each considers what it means to live in America today. John asks his father to look back to World War II, and explore the parallels that can and cannot be drawn between that time and our current post 9 11 consciousness. As their conversations develop, the topics shift from the political to the personal to the political again, as they duck and weave around one another. They explore their shared admiration of boxing and poker, the nature of marriage and love, television, movies, writing, and what it means to be a part of this extraordinary family."
The Armies of the Night History as a Novel the Novel as History by Norman Mailer. No description available
In Cold Blood by Truman Capote. No description available
"Cold Blood Lorraine Page 2 by Lynda La Plante. Suspicion and fear surround the mysterious disappearance of a movie star's daughter. The race to claim the reward for finding Anna Louise Caley dead or alive spirals into a deadly voodoo trail in the French quarter of New Orleans. In her desperation to succeed in this, her first case as a private detective, ex Lieutenant Lorraine Page is caught in a web of deceit and violence that threatens to drag her back into the murky world she has fought so hard to escape. Continuing the investigation means risking everything. But the million dollar bonus is one hell of an incentive not to back off from a case that could kill her or give her the future and the professional respect she craves. Lynda La Plante's Widows is now a major motion picture"
"Amazing Disgrace Gerald Samper 2 by James Hamilton Paterson. Gerald Samper is a ghost writer to the stars rock singers, racing drivers and ski champions. And to Millie Cleat, the monstrous one armed sailor, whose round the world voyage has made her the toast of Britain, and who has become the poster girl for the Deep Blues, a mystical and nutty environmental group. Gerald pines for greater things, however, and would prefer to write the memoirs of Max Christ, the celebrated conductor. While he schemes to land this unattainable catch, he muses hilariously and viciously on the world of which he is such an unwilling part, looking out from his Tuscan hilltop and pining for his neighbour Marta, offspring of a crime family from Voynovia, who disappeared one day into thin air. Has she been the subject of a 'rendition'? Meanwhile, some oceanographers are planning revenge on Millie Cleat for her destruction of their greatest coup. Gerald convinces her that she has seen the face of Neptune in the depths ..."
"You Don't Know Jack NY Girlfriends 2 by Erin McCarthy. One of the best writers today. Johnny Olsen A master storyteller. Betty Richard FROM USA TODAY MULTI MILLION COPY BESTSELLING AUTHOR J. ROBERT KENNEDY ONLY JACK COULD GET LUCKY IN WARSAW, THEN WAKE UP IN MOSCOW A WANTED MAN. When Jack just Jack attends a soiree at the Russian Embassy in Warsaw, Poland, he isn t there for a good time he s there to meet with a Russian asset within the FSB, the successor to the dreaded KGB. She insists she has intel that must be delivered directly into his hands, but not before she enjoys one last tryst with the CIA Operations Officer. Jack is more than happy to comply, and after a night of passion, falls asleep with a smile on his face. Only to wake up in a hotel room in Moscow, with the state police pounding on his door. Jack, and America, stand accused of assassinating the Russian president, and the two great nations stand on the brink of war. Disavowed, Jack must not only clear his name, but discover who the true assassin is, despite the fact he is tormented by flashbacks of the treacherous act. Jack is in a race against time to find the truth before two countries with massive nuclear arsenals at their disposal go to war. In You Don t Know Jack, award winning USA Today and multi million copy bestselling author J. Robert Kennedy introduces a new series, heavy on action, suspense, intrigue, and humor, certain to keep fans of modern spy thrillers on the edge of their seats. If you re a fan of Kane, Hunt, Bourne, or Bond, you ll love Jack. Just Jack. Get your copy of You Don t Know Jack today, and see what happens when Jack has a great night, and a very bad day WHAT READERS ARE SAYING ABOUT J. ROBERT KENNEDY Non stop action that is impossible to put down. The action sequences are particularly well written and exciting, without being overblown. I love how the author explains what s needed but doesn t just ramble on in narrative. The events in this adventure are so real and so heart pounding you can t put it down. Mr. Kennedy is by far my favorite writer."
The Sunset Limited by Cormac McCarthy. No description available
No Country for Old Men by Cormac McCarthy. No description available
McCarthy's Bar A Journey of Discovery in Ireland by Pete McCarthy. No description available
The Idiot by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Anna Brailovsky Joseph Frank Constance Garnett Alan Myers. No description available
The Complete Idiot's Guide to Calculus by W. Michael Kelley. No description available
True and False Heresy and Common Sense for the Actor by David Mamet. No description available
On Directing Film by David Mamet. No description available
Book of Dreams by Jack Kerouac Robert Creeley. No description available
Three by Annie Dillard Pilgrim at Tinker Creek An American Childhood The Writing Life by Annie Dillard. No description available
Pilgrim at Tinker Creek by Annie Dillard. No description available
"An American Childhood by Annie Dillard. An American Childhood more than takes the reader's breath away. It consumes you as you consume it, so that, when you have put down this book, you're a different person, one who has virtually experienced another childhood. Chicago Tribune A book that instantly captured the hearts of readers across the country, An American Childhood is Pulitzer Prize winning author Annie Dillard's poignant, vivid memoir of growing up in Pittsburgh in the 1950s and 60s. Dedicated to her parents from whom she learned a love of language and the importance of following your deepest passions Dillard's brilliant memoir will resonate with anyone who has ever recalled with longing playing baseball on an endless summer afternoon, caring for a pristine rock collection, or knowing in your heart that a book was written just for you."
For the Time Being by Annie Dillard. No description available
The Maytrees by Annie Dillard. No description available
Plan B Further Thoughts on Faith by Anne Lamott. No description available
All New People by Anne Lamott. No description available
Operating Instructions A Journal of My Son's First Year by Anne Lamott. No description available
Stiff The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers by Mary Roach. No description available
A Working Stiff's Manifesto A Memoir of Thirty Jobs I Quit Nine That Fired Me and Three I Can't Remember by Iain Levison. No description available
"Stiff Upper Lip Jeeves Jeeves 13 by P.G. Wodehouse. Madeline Bassett and Gussie Fink Nottle's engagement is on the rocks. Due to an old blunder, Bertie Wooster is next in line for the fair maiden's hand, and the prospect's too hideous to contemplate. Bertie must brave Totleigh Towers once more, with Jeeves in tow, for a spot of bridge mending."
The Bonesetter's Daughter by Amy Tan. No description available
"The Kitchen God's Wife by Amy Tan. Winnie is pressed to tell her American born daughter about the horrors of her violent, war torn youth and arranged marriage in China."
The Moon Lady by Amy Tan Gretchen Schields. No description available
The Short History of a Prince by Jane Hamilton. No description available
The Guardian by Jane Hamilton. No description available
Sometimes a Great Notion by Ken Kesey Charles Bowden. No description available
Trout Fishing in America The Pill vs. the Springhill Mine Disaster In Watermelon Sugar by Richard Brautigan. No description available
Revenge of the Lawn The Abortion So the Wind Won't Blow it All Away by Richard Brautigan. No description available
A Confederate General from Big Sur Dreaming of Babylon The Hawkline Monster by Richard Brautigan. No description available
An Unfortunate Woman by Richard Brautigan Taylan Taftaf. No description available
The Collected Stories by Eudora Welty. No description available
Complete Novels The Robber Bridegroom Delta Wedding The Ponder Heart Losing Battles The Optimist's Daughter by Eudora Welty Richard Ford Michael Kreyling. No description available
Eudora Welty Photographs by Eudora Welty Reynolds Price. No description available
On Writing by Eudora Welty Richard Bausch. The author shares his insights into the craft of writing and offers a humorous perspective on his own experience as a writer.
Essential Welty Why I Live at the P.O. A Memory Powerhouse and Petrified Man by Eudora Welty. No description available
Losing Battles by Eudora Welty. No description available
The Eye of the Story Selected Essays and Reviews by Eudora Welty. No description available
The Golden Apples by Eudora Welty. No description available
One Writer's Beginnings by Eudora Welty. No description available
The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down A Hmong Child Her American Doctors and the Collision of Two Cultures by Anne Fadiman. No description available
Hegemony or Survival America's Quest for Global Dominance by Noam Chomsky. No description available
The Chomsky Foucault Debate On Human Nature by Noam Chomsky Michel Foucault John Rajchman. No description available
Media Control The Spectacular Achievements of Propaganda by Noam Chomsky. No description available
11 de Septiembre by Noam Chomsky. No description available
On Anarchism by Noam Chomsky Barry Pateman. No description available
The Chomsky Reader by Noam Chomsky. No description available
Language and Mind by Noam Chomsky. No description available
Perilous Power The Middle East US Foreign Policy by Noam Chomsky Gilbert Achcar Stephan R. Shalom. No description available
What Uncle Sam Really Wants by Noam Chomsky Arthur Naiman David Barsamian Sandy Niemann. No description available
Imperial Ambitions Conversations on the Post 9 11 World by Noam Chomsky David Barsamian. No description available
On MisEducation Critical Perspectives by Noam Chomsky Donaldo Macedo. No description available
Aspects of the Theory of Syntax by Noam Chomsky. No description available
On Democracy Education Social Theory Education Cultural Change by Noam Chomsky C.P. Otero. No description available
"Cat Breaking Free Joe Grey 11 by Shirley Rousseau Murphy. In this cozy mystery, a talking cat and his four legged friends investigate cat trappers and murder in smalltown California. The fur starts flying the fur of Joe Grey, Feline P.I., that is when a gang from L.A. comes up to tranquil Molena Point, California, and begins breaking into the village s quaint shops. After all, Molena Point has been his home since he was a kitten eating scraps from the garbage behind the local delicatessen, and he doesn t take well to marauding strangers. Joe even wonders whether the blonde who s moved in next door to human companion Clyde could be a part of the gang she s been acting pretty suspicious lately. But when the strangers start trapping and caging feral cats speaking cats, like Joe and his girlfriend Dulcie it proves too much for the intrepid four footed detective. And when one of the gang is murdered, and a second mysterious death comes to light, he has no choice but to try to stop the crimes. Joe, Dulcie, and Kit, who used to be a stray herself, are deep into the investigation when they are able to release the three trapped felines. But as Kit leads them away to freedom, will she herself return to that wild life? In this marvelous book that once again opens the door to the spectacular world of Joe Grey, meet three new cats winning cats drawn from among hundreds of their owners entries and chosen at random to appear in this book and join old friends and new in this ambitious and enjoyable entry in the series. Praise for Cat Breaking Free Murphy s 11th Joe Grey cat cozy . . . offers the usual winning blend of suspense and whimsy. . . . A complex, well crafted plot and lively, credible characters will leave fans purring with pleasure. Publishers Weekly An action filled plot. As usual, the three cats are true to both their feline and sentient natures. This eleventh entry in the Joe Grey Mystery series . . . continues to enhance characterizations, both feline and human, all the while providing an intriguing whodunit for series fans. Booklist"
Confessions by Jean Jacques Rousseau Patrick Coleman Angela Scholar. No description available
"Cat Cross Their Graves Joe Grey 10 by Shirley Rousseau Murphy. The beautiful, serene village of Molena Point, California is the type of place where people go to get away from the harsher realities of life which is what attracted classic film star Patty Rose to buy the village inn, and settle down to enjoy her golden years. But as the town gathers to celebrate and honor the beautiful, aging actress with a festival of her old films, Patty is brutally murdered to the horror and shock of this peaceful burg. A gentle tortoiseshell cat, Kit, has been enjoying a retreat to the animal loving actress's inn, where she's spending time with her feline friends Dulcie, and the slick tomcat sleuth, Joe Grey. But her relaxation is cut short when she hears the gunshots that end Patty's life, and sees her dead body sprawled on the inn's front steps. She glimpses the killer racing into the parking garage, and soon follows his trail. Joe and Dulcie must now follow the na ve Kit's trail, and keep her from getting into serious trouble. To complicate matters, Joe discovers that Dulcie has been hiding a runaway child one of the lucky humans that these special cats choose to talk to who has now been kidnapped, likely by the same man who killed their famous friend. In the end, the little girl's abduction leads them to Patty's killer, and the feline friends are all united but they all must mourn a departed friend as they stand beside the newly laid grave of Patty Rose."
The Social Contract by Jean Jacques Rousseau Maurice Cranston. No description available
"Cat in the Dark Joe Grey 4 by Shirley Rousseau Murphy. Of course I worry. What if the cops witness a cat opening a skylight and masterminding a robbery? The tabloids will love it. There's a new pair of thieves in MolenaPoint, California, a renegade yellow eyedtomcat with a cold disdain for the law,and a scruffy human partner who isno better. The two, clever and silentat their work, are bad news indeedto crime solving cats Joe Grey andDulcie. But when Joe learns the pair'sconnection to a good friend, and then an innocent couple turns up dead in the library garden, Joe and Dulcie must engage in some fancy paw work to unmask the deceptions and route the real killer before his brazen criminal crime spree careens madly toward them."
The Source by James A. Michener. No description available
Hawaii by James A. Michener. No description available
Chesapeake by James A. Michener. No description available
Caravans by James A. Michener. No description available
Iberia by James A. Michener Robert Vavra. No description available
Centennial by James A. Michener. No description available
Carrie Biblioteca de Stephen King. 102 8 by Stephen King Gregorio Vlastelica. No description available
Marley Me Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog by John Grogan. No description available
Marley and Me Life and Love With the World's Worst Dog by John Grogan. No description available
Wuthering Heights by Emily Bront Alice Hoffman. No description available
Brodie's notes on Aldous Huxley's brave new world by Graham Handley. No description available
The Moon Is Down by John Steinbeck. No description available
Ride the Moon Down by Terry C. Johnston. No description available
Drawing Down the Moon Witches Druids Goddess Worshippers and Other Pagans in America by Margot Adler. No description available
Sing Down the Moon by Scott O'Dell. Playbook.
The Transit of Venus by Shirley Hazzard. No description available
Kingsblood Royal by Sinclair Lewis Charles R. Johnson. No description available
"Swann's Way In Search of Lost Time 1 by Marcel Proust Lydia Davis. The first volume of one of the greatest novels of the twentieth century, in Lydia Davis's award winning translation Marcel Proust s In Search of Lost Time is one of the most entertaining reading experiences in any language and arguably the finest novel of the twentieth century. But since its original prewar translation there has been no completely new version in English. Now, Penguin Classics brings Proust s masterpiece to new audiences throughout the world, beginning with Lydia Davis s internationally acclaimed translation of the first volume, Swann s Way. Swann's Way is one of the preeminent novels of childhood a sensitive boy's impressions of his family and neighbors, all brought dazzlingly back to life years later by the taste of a madeleine. It also enfolds the short novel Swann in Love, an incomparable study of sexual jealousy that becomes a crucial part of the vast, unfolding structure of In Search of Lost Time. The first volume of the work that established Proust as one of the finest voices of the modern age satirical, skeptical, confiding, and endlessly varied in his response to the human condition Swann's Way also stands on its own as a perfect rendering of a life in art, of the past recreated through memory."
"Swann's Way Remembrance of Things Past 1 by Marcel Proust C.K. Scott Moncrieff Elizabeth Dalton. From the French novelist, essayist, critic, and one of the greatest writers of the twentieth century the first volume of his monumental masterpiece, one of the most sensitive renderings of childhood in fiction and a brilliant meditation on the recreation of the past through art and memory. Swann s Way is the most frequently read part of Proust s epic novel, Remembrance of Things Past also known as In Search of Lost Time . It introduces subjects that resonate throughout the entire work, including the narrator s love for Swann s daughter Gilberte, Swann s jealous passion for Odette, and the rise of the nouveaux riches Verdurins. Proust s narrator vividly recalls his childhood in Paris and Combray, most famously in a fraught evocation of his mother s good night kiss and in the iconic scene where the taste of a madeleine dipped in tea brings back a flood of memory."
"Swann's Way Remembrance of Things Past 1 by Marcel Proust C.K. Scott Moncrieff. From the French novelist, essayist, critic, and one of the greatest writers of the twentieth century the first volume of his monumental masterpiece, one of the most sensitive renderings of childhood in fiction and a brilliant meditation on the recreation of the past through art and memory. Swann s Way is the most frequently read part of Proust s epic novel, Remembrance of Things Past also known as In Search of Lost Time . It introduces subjects that resonate throughout the entire work, including the narrator s love for Swann s daughter Gilberte, Swann s jealous passion for Odette, and the rise of the nouveaux riches Verdurins. Proust s narrator vividly recalls his childhood in Paris and Combray, most famously in a fraught evocation of his mother s good night kiss and in the iconic scene where the taste of a madeleine dipped in tea brings back a flood of memory."
Lady of the Lake by Elizabeth Mayne. No description available
"A Kiss Before Dying by Ira Levin Otto Penzler. De dochters van een kopermagnaat vallen ten offer aan de obsessie van een arme student, die tot elke prijs een rijke erfgename wil huwen."
"A Kiss Before Dying Sweet Valley High 122 by Francine Pascal Kate William. Jessica can't deny her love for Christian, the leader of the Palisades High gang. Christian promises her he'll never fight again. But can he keep his vow when the battle with Sweet Valley High turns deadly? Elizabeth plans a secret meeting with Palisades High's Rosie Shaw, and together they scheme to end the gang warfare once and for all. Can Elizabeth really trust Rosie?"
The Satanic Verses by Salman Rushdie. No description available
The City of Falling Angels by John Berendt. No description available
Falling Angel by William Hjortsberg Ridley Scott James Crumley. No description available
"Falling Angels Luc Actar 1 by Melissa M. Garcia. After a panicked phone call, Luc Actar returns to Los Angeles and his previous life in order to try and find an old friend before the police do."
The Collaborator The Trial and Execution of Robert Brasillach by Alice Kaplan. No description available
Ulysses by James Joyce Craig Raine. No description available
The Crazed by Ha Jin. No description available
Chickenhawk Back in the World Again Life After Vietnam by Robert Mason. No description available
Nuns and Soldiers by Iris Murdoch Karen Armstrong. No description available
Sir Gawain And The Green Knight by Michael Morpurgo Michael Foreman. No description available
Cliffs Notes on Wiesel's Night by Maryam Riess. No description available
The Night Trilogy Night Dawn the Accident by Elie Wiesel Marion Wiesel. No description available
Strong Motion by Jonathan Franzen. No description available
How to Be Alone by Jonathan Franzen. No description available
The Twenty Seventh City by Jonathan Franzen. No description available
Second Ring of Power by Carlos Casta eda. No description available
The Active Side of Infinity by Carlos Casta eda. No description available
Journey to Ixtlan by Carlos Casta eda. No description available
The Wheel of Time The Shamans of Mexico Their Thoughts About Life Death the Universe by Carlos Casta eda. No description available
Power of Silence by Carlos Casta eda. No description available
Tales of Power by Carlos Casta eda. No description available
Fire from Within by Carlos Casta eda. No description available
The Art of Dreaming by Carlos Casta eda. No description available
The Best Stories of Fyodor Dostoevsky by Fyodor Dostoyevsky David Magarshack. No description available
The Best Short Stories by Fyodor Dostoyevsky David Magarshack. No description available
Demons by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Richard Pevear Larissa Volokhonsky. No description available
The Idiot by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Richard Pevear Larissa Volokhonsky. No description available
Great Short Works of Fyodor Dostoevsky by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Ronald Hingley. No description available
The Idiot by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Constance Garnett Joseph Frank. No description available
Celtic Tree Mysteries Practical Druid Magic Divination by Steve Blamires Sandy Leuthner. No description available
Rebecca by Daphne du Maurier Sally Beauman. No description available
Betraying Spinoza The Renegade Jew Who Gave Us Modernity by Rebecca Goldstein. No description available
Shadow of the Moon Moon 5 by Rebecca York. No description available
Black Lamb and Grey Falcon by Rebecca West Christopher Hitchens. No description available
Operation Shylock A Confession by Philip Roth. No description available
Operation Shylock. Ein Bekenntnis by Philip Roth. No description available
Lost in the Funhouse by John Barth. No description available
CliffsNotes on Faulkner's As I Lay Dying Cliffs Notes by James Lamar Roberts William Faulkner CliffsNotes. No description available
The Sound and the Fury As I Lay Dying Sanctuary Intruder in the Dust by William Faulkner. No description available
CliffsNotes on Faulkner's Absalom Absalom! by James Lamar Roberts CliffsNotes. No description available
The Aeneid by Virgil Robert Fagles Bernard Knox. No description available
The Aeneid by Virgil Robert Fitzgerald. No description available
The Aeneid by Virgil David West. No description available
Aeneid by Virgil Stanley Lombardo W. R. Johnson. No description available
Virgil Vol 2 Aeneid Books 7 12 Appendix Vergiliana by Virgil G.P. Goold. No description available
The Castle of Otranto by Horace Walpole E.F. Bleiler Walter Scott. No description available
The Castle of Otranto by Horace Walpole. No description available
"Messenger The Giver 3 by Lois Lowry. THE GIVER is soon to be a major motion picture starring Jeff Bridges, Katie Holmes and Taylor Swift. Now available for the first time in the UK, THE GIVER QUARTET is the complete four novel collection."
"Gossamer by Lois Lowry. From the two time Newbery Award winning author of Number the Stars and The Giver, comes a novel about how even the smallest of dreams can break through the darkest of nights. Littlest One is a tiny creature slowly learning her job of giving dreams to humans. Each night she and her teacher, Thin Elderly, visit an old woman s home where she softly touches beloved objects, gathering happy memories, and drops of old scents and sounds. Littlest One pieces these bits together and presents them to her sleeping human in the form of pleasant dreams. But the dreaded Sinisteeds, dark fearsome creatures that plague their victims with nightmares, are always at work against the dreamgivers. When the old woman takes in John, an angry foster child with a troubled past, the Sinisteeds go after him with their horrifying nightmares. Can Littlest One, and her touch light as gossamer, protect John s heart and soul from the nightmare of his dark past?"
"Anastasia on Her Own Anastasia Krupnik 5 by Lois Lowry. Help! Anastasia Krupnik's mother must organize her chaotic life. So Anastasia, who is a very organized person, and her father invent the solution to Mrs. Krupnik's problem the Krupnik Family Nonsexist Housekeeping Schedule. But when Mrs. Krupnik goes to California on a ten day business trip, Anastasia finds that the problem isn't solved at all. It's hard to stick to a schedule that doesn't leave room for her little brother, Sam, who's come down with the chicken pox, and her father's former girlfriend, who's invited herself to dinner. How is Anastasia supposed to cope with these interruptions when she's planning her first dream date dinner for Steve Harvey? It's a cinch. As long as she sticks to the Krupnik Romantic Dinner Week Schedule, what could possibly go wrong?"
Stay! Keeper's Story by Lois Lowry True Kelley. No description available
"Gathering Blue The Giver 2 by Lois Lowry. Lame and suddenly orphaned, Kira is mysteriously removed from her squalid village to live in the palatial Council Edifice, where she is expected to use her gifts as a weaver to do the bidding of the all powerful Guardians."
"See You Around Sam! Sam Krupnik 3 by Lois Lowry Diane deGroat. Sam Krupnik, mad at his mother because she won't let him wear his newly acquired plastic fangs in the house, decides to run away."
King Lear by William Shakespeare. No description available
King Lear by William Shakespeare Roma Gill. No description available
"King Lear by William Shakespeare R.A. Foakes. King Lear, growing old and too tired to reign, decides to divide his realm amongst his three daughters, leaving the largest share to the one who loves him the most. His two eldest daughters, Goneril and Regan, foolish and deceitful children, are rewarded for their insincere flattery. His youngest daughter, Cordelia, however, speaks honestly and truthfully, which enrages the old king. He disinherits Cordelia, and then drives himself to madness, left to wander the heath with only his Fool, his servant Caius, and the madman Tom O Bedlam for company. Once reunited with Cordelia, Lear is too late repents his rashness, and must face the tragic consequences of his choices."
King Lear by William Shakespeare Barbara A. Mowat Paul Werstine. No description available
The Turn of the Screw Norton Critical Edition by Henry James Deborah Esch Jonathan Warren. No description available
The Turn of the Screw and The Aspern Papers by Henry James Anthony Curtis. No description available
The Turn of the Screw and Other Short Fiction by Henry James R.W.B. Lewis. No description available
The Turn of the Screw by Henry James Peter G. Beidler. No description available
Much Ado about Nothing by William Shakespeare Mary Berry Michael Clamp. No description available
Much Ado About Nothing by William Shakespeare David L. Stevenson. No description available
Much Ado about Nothing Oxford School Shakespeare by William Shakespeare Roma Gill. No description available
Much Ado about Nothing by William Shakespeare Samuel West Amanda Root Arkangel Cast. No description available
Much Ado about Nothing by William Shakespeare F.H. Mares. No description available
Winter's Tale by Mark Helprin. No description available
Winter's Tales by Isak Dinesen Karen Blixen. No description available
Twelfth Night by William Shakespeare Alan Durband. No description available
Twelfth Night by William Shakespeare Barbara A. Mowat Paul Werstine. No description available
"Tempest Star Wars Legacy of the Force 3 by Troy Denning. Forty years after the Battle of Yavin a dangerous new era in the Star Wars epic begins the revelations are shocking, the stakes desperate, and the enemy everywhere. As civil war threatens the unity of the Galactic Alliance, Han and Leia Solo have enraged their families and the Jedi by joining the Corellian insurgents. But the Solos draw the line when they discover the rebels plot to make the Hapan Consortium an ally which rests upon Hapan nobles murdering their pro Alliance queen and her daughter. Yet the Solos selfless determination to save the queen cannot dispel the inescapable consequences of their actions, that will pit mother against son and brother against sister in the battles ahead. For as Jacen Solo s dark powers grow stronger under the Dark Jedi Lumiya, and his influence over Ben Skywalker becomes more insidious, Luke s concern for his nephew forces him into a life and death struggle against his fiercest foe, and Han and Leia Solo find themselves at the mercy of their deadliest enemy . . . their son."
Red Passion and Patience in the Desert by Terry Tempest Williams. No description available
Hamlet The Texts of 1603 and 1623 by William Shakespeare Neil Taylor. No description available
Hamlet's Dresser A Memoir by Bob Smith. No description available
The Hamlet by William Faulkner. No description available
"Othello by William Shakespeare. In Othello, Shakespeare creates powerful drama from a marriage between the exotic Moor Othello and the Venetian lady Desdemona that begins with elopement and mutual devotion and ends with jealous rage and death. Shakespeare builds many differences into his hero and heroine, including race, age, and cultural background. Yet most readers and audiences believe the couple's strong love would overcome these differences were it not for Iago, who sets out to destroy Othello. Iago's false insinuations about Desdemona's infidelity draw Othello into his schemes, and Desdemona is subjected to Othello's horrifying verbal and physical assaults. The authoritative edition of Othello from The Folger Shakespeare Library, the trusted and widely used Shakespeare series for students and general readers, is now available as an ebook. Features include The exact text of the printed book for easy cross reference Hundreds of hypertext links for instant navigation Freshly edited text based on the best early printed version of the play Full explanatory notes conveniently placed on pages facing the text of the play Scene by scene plot summaries A key to famous lines and phrases An introduction to reading Shakespeare s language Illustrations from the Folger Shakespeare Library s vast holdings of rare books An essay by a leading Shakespeare scholar providing a modern perspective on the pla"
Othello by William Shakespeare David Threlfall Don Warrington Anne Marie Duff Arkangel Cast. No description available
Othello by William Shakespeare Barbara A. Mowat Paul Werstine. No description available
Julius Caesar by William Shakespeare Roma Gill. No description available
Julius Caesar by William Shakespeare John Bowe Michael Feast Adrian Lester. No description available
Julius Caesar by William Shakespeare Marvin Spevack Marga Munkelt. No description available
Julius Caesar by William Shakespeare SparkNotes. No description available
Cliffsnotes on Shakespeare's Henry IV Part 1 by James K. Lowers William Shakespeare CliffsNotes. No description available
King Henry IV Part 1 by William Shakespeare David Scott Kastan. No description available
Alice in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll Jane Carruth Rene Cloke. No description available
Alice In Wonderland by Lewis Carroll John Tenniel. No description available
"The Alexandria Quartet The Alexandria Quartet 1 4 by Lawrence Durrell. A four part story of passion and betrayal in the Mediterranean voted one of the Modern Library s 100 Best Novels of the twentieth century. The Alexandria Quartet is a striking and sensuous masterpiece, breathing vivid life into each of its unforgettable characters and the dusty Mediterranean city in which they live. Set in Alexandria, Egypt, in the years before, during, and after World War II, the books follow the lives of a circle of friends and lovers, including sensitive Darley, passionate Justine, philosophical Balthazar, and elegant Clea. Written in Durrell s trademark evocative prose, these four novels explore the central theme of modern love, building into a remarkable whole that the New York Times hailed as one of the most important works of our time. This ebook features a new introduction by Jan Morris."
"Justine The Alexandria Quartet 1 by Lawrence Durrell. The time is the eve of the World War II. The place is Alexandria, an Egyptian city that once housed the world's greatest library and whose inhabitants are dedicated to knowledge. But for the obsessed characters in this mesmerizing novel, their pursuits lead only to bedrooms in which each seeks to know and possess the other. Since its publication in 1957, Justine has inspired an almost religious devotion among readers and critics alike."
"Clea The Alexandria Quartet 4 by Lawrence Durrell. Clea, published in 1960, is the fourth volume in The Alexandria Quartet series by British author Lawrence Durrell. Set in Alexandria, Egypt, around World War II, the first three volumes tell the same story from different points of view, and Clea relates subsequent events."
Kate Vaiden by Reynolds Price. No description available
The Social Contract and The First and Second Discourses by Jean Jacques Rousseau Susan Dunn Gita May Robert N. Bellah David Bromwich Conor Cruise O'Brien. No description available
Nature Girl by Carl Hiaasen. No description available
Stormy Weather by Carl Hiaasen. No description available
"Skin Tight Mick Stranahan 1 by Carl Hiaasen. Bestselling author Carl Hiaasen serves up a humorous helping of taut, fast paced action...crisp and hot The New York Times . After dispatching a pistol packing intruder from his home with the help of a stuffed Marlin head, Mick Stranahan can't deny that someone is out to get him. His now deceased intruder carries no I.D., and as a former Florida state investigator, Stranahan knows there are plenty of potential culprits. His long list of enemies includes an off point hit man, a personal injury lawyer of billboard fame, a notoriously irritating TV journalist, and a fumbling plastic surgeon. Now, if he wants to keep fishing into his golden years, Stranahan has no choice but to come out of retirement to close this one last case..."
Basket Case by Carl Hiaasen. No description available
Tourist Season by Carl Hiaasen. No description available
Sick Puppy by Carl Hiaasen. No description available
Flush by Carl Hiaasen. No description available
"Double Whammy Skink 1 by Carl Hiaasen. Follow the adventures of a news photographer turned private eye as he seeks truth, justice, and an affair with his ex wife The New York Times in this hilarious caper from bestselling author Carl Hiaasen. R. J. Decker, star tenant of the local trailer park and neophyte private eye, is fishing for a killer. Thanks to a sportsman's scam that's anything but sportsmanlike, there's a body floating in Coon Bog, Florida and a lot that's rotten in the murky waters of big stakes, large mouth bass tournaments. Here Decker will team up with a half blind, half mad hermit with an appetite for road kill dare to kiss his ex wife while she's in bed with her new husband and face deadly TV evangelists, dangerously seductive women, and a pistol toting redneck with a pit bull on his arm. And here his own life becomes part of the stakes. For while the double whammy is the lure, first prize is for the most ingenious murder."
Naked Came the Manatee by Carl Hiaasen Elmore Leonard Dave Barry James W. Hall Edna Buchanan Les Standiford Paul Levine Brian Antoni Tananarive Due John Dufresne Vicki Hendricks Carolina Hospital Evelyn Mayerson. No description available
Strip Tease by Carl Hiaasen. No description available
A Carl Hiaasen Collection Stormy Weather Tourist Season and Strip Tease by Carl Hiaasen Edward Asner. No description available
Skinny Dip Mick Stranahan 2 by Carl Hiaasen. Chaz Perrone might be the only marine scientist in the world who doesn't know which way the Gulf Stream runs.
Hoot by Carl Hiaasen. No description available
Suburban Nation The Rise of Sprawl and the Decline of the American Dream by Andr s Duany Elizabeth Plater Zyberk Jeff Speck. No description available
The Bible Cure For Diabetes by Don Colbert. No description available
The Celestine Prophecy A Pocket Guide to the Nine Insights by James Redfield. No description available
The Tenth Insight Holding the Vision Celestine Prophecy 2 by James Redfield. The adventure that began with The Celestine Prophecy continues as the action shifts to a wilderness in the American Southeast where the narrator's friend has disappeared.
The Celestine Prophecy by James Redfield Lou Diamond Phillips. No description available
The Celestine Prophecy An Experiential Guide by James Redfield. No description available
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance An Inquiry Into Values by Robert M. Pirsig. No description available
The Dark Side Of Genius The Life Of Alfred Hitchcock by Donald Spoto. No description available
Enchantment The Life of Audrey Hepburn by Donald Spoto. No description available
Marilyn Monroe The Biography by Donald Spoto. No description available
"Cross Alex Cross 12 by James Patterson. A killer elite six assassins are on the loose. So is Alex Cross. A leader has fallen, and Alex Cross joins the procession of mourners from Capitol Hill to the White House. Then a sniper's bullet strikes a target in the heart of DC. Alex Cross's wife, Bree Stone, newly elevated chief of DC detectives must solve the case or lose her position. The Secret Service and the FBI deploy as well in the race to find the shooter. Alex is tasked by the new President to lead an investigation unprecedented in scale and scope. But is the sniper's strike only the beginning of a larger attack on the nation?"
Judge Jury by James Patterson Andrew Gross. No description available
The 6th Target Women's Murder Club 6 by James Patterson Maxine Paetro. No description available
"The Quickie by James Patterson Michael Ledwidge. A one night stand spirals into a web of dark secrets in James Patterson's steamy thriller of love, lust, and murder. Lauren Stillwell is not your average damsel in distress. When the NYPD cop discovers her husband leaving a hotel with another woman, she decides to beat him at his own game. But her revenge goes dangerously awry, and she finds her world spiraling into a hell that becomes more terrifying by the hour. In a further twist of fate, Lauren must take on a job that threatens everything she stands for. Now, she's paralyzed by a deadly secret that could tear her life apart. With her job and marriage on the line, Lauren's desire for retribution becomes a lethal inferno as she fights to save her livelihood and her life. Patterson takes us on a twisting roller coaster ride of thrills in his most gripping novel yet. This story of love, lust and dangerous secrets will have readers' hearts pounding to the very last page."
You've Been Warned by James Patterson Howard Roughan. No description available
"2nd Chance Women's Murder Club 2 by James Patterson Andrew Gross. The Women's Murder Club returns for another thrilling crime investigation. Will their skills be enough to take down a brutal madman? A brutal madman sprays bullets into a crowd of children leaving a San Francisco church. Miraculously or was it intentionally? only one person dies. Then an elderly black woman is hung. Police homicide inspector Lindsay Boxer senses a connection and together with medical examiner Claire, assistant D. A. Jill, and Chronicle reporter Cindy, finds a link that sends a chill through the entire nation. This killer's motives are unspeakable. In this inventive installment of the Women's Murder Club, James Patterson proves once again why he is the 1 master of the murder mystery Sunday Times ."
"1st to Die Women's Murder Club 1 by James Patterson. Four women a police detective, an assistant D.A., a reporter, and a medical examiner who call themselves the Women's Murder Club develop lifelong bonds as they pursue a killer whose twisted imagination has stunned an entire city."
Season of the Machete by James Patterson. No description available
"School's Out Forever Maximum Ride 2 by James Patterson. In this eagerly awaited follow up, brave bird kid Max and her flock are discovered by an FBI agent and forced to go to school. There is no such thing as an ordinary day as Max deciphers how and when she's supposed to save the world, and she faces her greatest enemy a clone of herself."
"Jack Jill Alex Cross 3 by James Patterson. The most widely respected CEO in America looks back on his brilliant career at General Electric and reveals his personal business philosophy and unique managerial style. Nearly 20 years ago, former General Electric CEO Reg Jones walked into Jack Welch's office and wrapped him in a bear hug. Congratulations, Mr. Chairman, said Reg. It was a defining moment for American business. So begins the story of a self made man and a self described rebel who thrived in one of the most volatile and economically robust eras in U.S. history, while managing to maintain a unique leadership style. In what is the most anticipated book on business management for our time, Jack Welch surveys the landscape of his career running one of the world's largest and most successful corporations."
The Midnight Club by James Patterson. No description available
Cat Mouse Alex Cross 4 by James Patterson. Experts from a range of fields provide the latest authoritative accounts of domestic cat behaviour and their interaction with humans.
"Pop Goes the Weasel Alex Cross 5 by James Patterson. In this heart stopping thriller, Detective Alex Cross and his beloved fianc find themselves tangled in a complex murder investigation, threatening not only public safety, but their chance at happiness together. Alex Cross is happy, but his happiness is threatened by a series of chilling murders murders with a pattern so twisted, it leaves investigators reeling. Cross's ingenious pursuit of the killer produces a suspect a British diplomat named Geoffrey Shafer. But proving that Shafer is the murderer becomes a potentially deadly task. As the diplomat engages in a brilliant series of surprising countermoves, in and out of the courtroom, Alex and his fianc e become hopelessly entangled with the most memorable nemesis Alex Cross has ever faced. Pop Goes the Weasel reveals James Patterson at the peak of his power. Here is a chilling villain no reader will forget, a love story of great tenderness, and a plot of relentless suspense and heart pounding pace. To read Pop Goes the Weasel is to discover why James Patterson is one of the world's greatest suspense writers."
"Roses Are Red Alex Cross 6 by James Patterson. Alex Cross races against time as a series of crimes stuns Washington, D. C. and he might be facing his most brilliant enemy yet. In a series of terrifying crimes, bank robbers have been laying out precise demands when they enter the building and then killing the bank employees and their families if those instructions are not followed to the letter. Detective Alex Cross takes on the case, certain that this is no ordinary bank robber at work the pathological need for control and perfection is too great. Cross is in the midst of a personal crisis at home, but the case becomes all consuming as he learns that the Mastermind is plotting one huge, last, perfect crime."
"Along Came a Spider Alex Cross 1 by James Patterson. Discover the classic thriller that launched the 1 detective series and is the inspiration for the original series Cross on Prime Video! Alex Cross is a homicide detective with a Ph.D. in psychology. He works and lives in Southeast D.C. and looks like Muhammad Ali in his prime. He's a tough guy from a tough part of town who wears Harris Tweed jackets and likes to relax by banging out Gershwin tunes on his baby grand piano. But he also has two adorable kids of his own, and they are his own special vulnerabilities. Jezzie Flanagan is the first woman ever to hold the highly sensitive job as supervisor of the Secret Service in Washington. Blond, mysterious, seductive, she's got an outer shell that's as tough as it is beautiful. She rides her black BMW motorcycle at speeds of no less than 100 mph. What is she running from? What is her secret? Alex Cross and Jezzie Flanagan are about to have a forbidden love affair at the worst possible time for both of them. Because Gary Soneji, who wants to commit the crime of the century, is playing at the top of his game. Soneji has outsmarted the FBI, the Secret Service, and the police. Who will be his next victim? Gary Soneji is every parent's worst nightmare. He has become Alex Cross's nightmare. And now, reader, he's about to become yours."
Black Friday by James Patterson. No description available
"Honeymoon Honeymoon 1 by James Patterson Howard Roughan. Months and sometimes years of planning go into creating the perfect wedding. But when the last piece of wedding cake is eaten and the rice is thrown, many couples realize they ve not put much thought into their honeymoon. Because it s imperative to let the honeymoon and sexual relationship for a couple set the tone for their life as a couple together, two respected physicians draw from their extensive premarital counseling experiences to compile this invaluable guide of honeymoon essentials. It s all here from birth control options, a calendar for travel arrangements, medications to have on hand to God s design for the honeymoon. There are even ideas which will help each couple assemble a custom honeymoon kit. Bride s Eyes Only and Groom s Eyes Only chapters offer solid advice for the sexual relationship. A one week devotional section with daily reflections for the first week as husband and wife will help launch any marriage with the right spiritual foundation. The time couples invest in preparing for this important week of marriage and life together will reap years of rewards!"
"Kiss the Girls Alex Cross 2 by James Patterson. Join Alex Cross in his most terrifying murder case yet in this 1 New York Times bestseller and inspiration for the upcoming Cross series on Amazon Prime! In Los Angeles, a reporter investigating a series of murders is killed. In Chapel Hill, North Carolina, a beautiful medical intern suddenly disappears. In the sequel to Along Came a Spider, Washington D.C.'s Alex Cross is back to solve the most baffling and terrifying murder case ever. Two clever pattern killers are collaborating, cooperating, competing and they are working coast to coast."
The Thomas Berryman Number by James Patterson. No description available
"London Bridges Alex Cross 10 by James Patterson. Alex Cross must face the world's most dangerous agents, criminals, and assassins. The fate of the world rests in his hands. In broad desert daylight, a mysterious platoon of soldiers evacuates the entire population of Sunrise Valley, Nevada. Minutes later, a huge bomb detonates a hundred feet above the ground and lays waste to homes, cars, and playgrounds a town annihilated in an instant. The Russian supercriminal known as the Wolf claims responsibility for the blast. Alex Cross is on vacation in San Francisco with his girlfriend, Jamilla Hughes, when he gets the call. World leaders have just four days to prevent an unimaginable cataclysm. Racing down the hairpin turns of the Riviera in the most unforgettable finale James Patterson has ever written, he confronts the truth of the Wolf's identity, a revelation that even Cross himself may be unable to survive."
"The Angel Experiment Maximum Ride 1 by James Patterson. Max soars above the world . . . but in James Patterson's thrilling adventure, fantasy can come crashing down to reveal the nightmares of the Angel Experiment. Maximum Ride and her flock Fang, Iggy, Nudge, Gasman and Angel are just like ordinary kids, only they have wings and can fly. It may seem like a dream come true to some, but their lives can morph into a living nightmare at any time. Angel, the youngest member of the flock, is kidnapped and taken back to the School where she and the others were experimented on by a crew of whack jobs. Her friends brave a journey to blazing hot Death Valley, CA, to save Angel, but soon enough, they find themselves in yet another nightmare fighting off the half human, half wolf Erasers in New York City. Whether in the treetops of Central Park or in the bowels of the Manhattan subway system, Max and her adopted family take the ride of their lives. Along the way, Max discovers that her purpose is save the world. But can she?"
"3rd Degree Women's Murder Club 3 by James Patterson Andrew Gross. In James Patterson's shockingly suspenseful 1 New York Times bestseller, one member of the Women's Murder Club is hiding a secret so dangerous that it could destroy them all. One of James Patterson's best loved heroines is about to die. Detective Lindsay Boxer is jogging along a beautiful San Francisco street when a fiery explosion rips through the neighborhood. When Lindsay plunges inside to search for survivors, she finds three people dead. A lost infant and a mysterious message at the scene leaves Lindsay and the San Francisco Police Department completely baffled. Then a prominent businessman is found murdered under bizarre circumstances, with another mysterious message left behind by the killer. Lindsay asks her friends Claire Washburn of the medical examiner's office, Assistant D.A. Jill Bernhardt, and Chronicle reporter Cindy Thomas to help her figure out who is committing these murders and why they are intent on killing someone every three days. Even more terrifying, the killer has targeted one of the four friends who call themselves the Women's Murder Club. Which one will it be?"
The Jester by James Patterson Andrew Gross. No description available
See How They Run by James Patterson. No description available
"Miracle on the 17th Green Travis McKinley 1 by James Patterson Peter de Jonge. Fifty year old Travis McKinley, discontented with his job, wife, children, and accomplishments, suddenly begins playing golf like a pro and is invited to compete in the PGA Senior Open at Pebble Beach where he, his family, and a live television audience witness a miracle."
"When the Wind Blows When the Wind Blows 1 by James Patterson. Audisee eBooks with Audio combine professional narration and sentence highlighting to engage reluctant readers! Explore the effects of wind on leaves, sailboats, umbrellas, and kites. Pair this photo illustrated, nonfiction title with its fiction companion book, A Windy Day."
"SantaKid by James Patterson Michael Garland. When Warrie Ransom, the Big Boss of the Exmas Express Company, decides to buy Christmas and rename it Exmas, Santa Claus, Momma Claus, and their daugher Chrissie can't believe their eyes. Everything at the North Pole seems to change overnight the elves stop making kids' favorite toys, the Christmas doves won't fly or sing, and no one seems to laugh anymore. It looks like Christmas is going to be ruined. But then Chrissie remembers something she had learned from her dad you must believe in something bigger than yourself. With a little help from her dad's helpers, Chrissie as santaKid delivers presents to children on Christmas eve, sending Warrie Ransom back to where he came from! After all, when you believe in something, magic can happen."
A Little Prairie House by Laura Ingalls Wilder Ren e Graef. No description available
Private Parts by Howard Stern. No description available
The Private Parts of Women by Lesley Glaister. No description available
Green Arrow Vol. 1 Quiver by Kevin Smith Phil Hester Ande Parks. No description available
Quiver by Stephanie Spinner. No description available
A Quiver Full of Arrows by Jeffrey Archer. No description available
Celebrations Rituals of Peace and Prayer by Maya Angelou. No description available
The Collected Autobiographies of Maya Angelou by Maya Angelou. No description available
Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now by Maya Angelou. No description available
And Still I Rise by Maya Angelou Linda Sunshine Diego Rivera. No description available
Life Doesn't Frighten Me by Maya Angelou Jean Michel Basquiat Sara Jane Boyers. No description available
Cumbres borrascosas by Emily Bront. No description available
Dreaming in Pictures The Photography by Lewis Carroll Douglas R. Nickel. No description available
"Lewis Carroll's Jabberwocky A Book of Brillig Dioramas by Lewis Carroll Graeme Base. Base's full color illusrtated version of Lewis Carroll's poem has perfectly captured the spirit of the classic verse from Through the Looking Glass inventive, fantastically detailed, and shyly humorous. Now, Base has created these ingenious dioramas, 3D renderings of his illustrations are full of surprises and delights."
The Collected Short Stories of Maxim Gorky by Maxim Gorky Avrahm Yarmolinsky Moura Budberg. No description available
Name Dropping by Jane Heller. No description available
Many Luscious Lollipops A Book About Adjectives by Ruth Heller. No description available
What Was She Thinking? Notes on a Scandal by Zo Heller. No description available
"Night of Long Shadows Eberron Inquisitives 2 by Paul Crilley. Explore the dark under belly of Khorvaire with Eberron's version of the private detective The Inquisitives! Nights of the Long Shadow the three nights of the year when the darkest powers of the world gain strength and rise to prey upon the unwary. When one of Sharn's most famed Inquisitives is hired to investigate a brutal murder at Morgrave University, his brilliance may be his damnation, as he uncovers a trail of blood leading from the deediest neighborhoods of the City of Towers to the highest reaches of power."
Poetics by Aristotle Malcolm Heath. No description available
Poetics of Music in the Form of Six Lessons by Igor Stravinsky George Seferis Arthur Knodel Ingolf Dahl. No description available
An Introduction to the Old Testament Poetic Books by C. Hassell Bullock. No description available
Mondrian by John Milner Piet Mondrian. No description available
Writings on Art by Mark Rothko Miguel L pez Remiro. No description available
The Legacy of Mark Rothko by Lee Seldes. No description available
Mark Rothko by Diane Waldman Bernard Malamud. No description available
Mark Rothko 1903 1970 by Diane Waldman. No description available
A World of Art by Henry M. Sayre. No description available
Olympian Odes. Pythian Odes by Pindar William H. Race. No description available
The Odes by Pindar Cecil Maurice Bowra Daniel C. Snell Dawson William Turner Maehler Abraham Moore. No description available
The Odes and Selected Fragments by Pindar G.S. Conway Richard Stoneman. No description available
Nemean Odes. Isthmian Odes. Fragments by Pindar William H. Race. No description available
"Sabriel Abhorsen 1 by Garth Nix. Sabriel, daughter of the necromancer Abhorsen, must journey into the mysterious and magical Old Kingdom to rescue her father from the Land of the Dead."
Euripides 3 Alcestis Daughters of Troy The Phoenician Women Iphigenia at Aulis Rhesus by Euripides David R. Slavitt Smith Palmer Bovie Fred Chappell Mark Rudman Elaine Terranova Richard Elman Katharine Washburn George D. Economou. No description available
Eragon Prima Official Game Guide by Prima Publishing. No description available
Battlefield of the Mind Winning the Battle in Your Mind by Joyce Meyer. No description available
"A Lady At Last deWarenne Dynasty 7 by Brenda Joyce. Raised as a pirate s daughter, Amanda Carre has not been tutored in the finer social graces. Alone in the world, she has never depended on anyone, until fate intervenes when Cliff de Warenne rescues her from a mob at her father s hanging. Now she must set sail for England to find the mother she never knew, and her chaperone is an infamous ladies man . The greatest gentleman privateer of his era, Cliff knows honor demands that he see this beautiful wild child to London and into her socialite mother s arms. He s aware that Amanda is utterly unprepared for a debut in London s ton, so his only recourse is to become her guardian and champion her transformation into a lady and find her a suitable match. But with every passing moment it becomes harder to deny his jealousy and ire until Amanda makes her stunning debut, a lady at last. And when his passion is finally released, their love can no longer be denied."
James Joyce's Ulysses by Stuart Gilbert. No description available
A Complicated Kindness by Miriam Toews. No description available
A Complicated Kindness Bookclub In A Box by Marilyn Herbert Miriam Toews. No description available
"Race of Scorpions The House of Niccolo 3 by Dorothy Dunnett. The exquisitely researched standalone prequel series to Dorothy Dunnett's revered Lymond Chronicles, following the ancestors of Francis Crawford of Lymond in Continental Europe. Race of Scorpions is Book Three in The House of Niccolo series. 'Who's the lady in trouble, Master Nicholas?' 'She's not a lady. She's a Queen called Carlotta.' It is 1462 and Carlotta, the young Queen of Jerusalem, Cyprus and Armenia, is besieged by brigands at a farm on the winter road to Bologna when Nicholas vander Poele rides to her rescue and into deeper trouble. Now the head of his own private army, Nicholas finds himself a sought after man by both Carlotta and her half brother, James. Each lays claim to the throne of Cyprus and each seeks to persuade Nicholas in more ways than one to lend his cunning and might to their cause. As Christians and Muslims, merchants and Mamelukes, the Pope, the Sultan and the Knights of St John wrangle over Cyprus's future, it falls to Nicholas to juggle adversaries and allies to free himself from this conspiracy of scorpions . . . 'The excitement of Dunnett's storytelling runs hand in hand with the erudition of her research' The Times"
Vinyl Cafe Odd Jobs by Stuart McLean. No description available
Vinyl Cafe Coast to Coast Story Service by Stuart McLean. No description available
Vinyl Cafe Diaries Vinyl Cafe 4 by Stuart McLean. No description available
"Checkmate Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell 3 by David Michaels Tom Clancy. DON T MISS THE UPCOMING NETFLIX ANIMATED SERIES SPLINTER CELL DEATHWATCH Sam Fisher's skills and determination are put to the ultimate test in this pulse pounding addition to Tom Clancy's bestselling series Third Echelon special operative Sam Fisher finds himself facing a race against time as a cargo freighter loaded with radioactive material hurtles towards the United States coast. With only minutes to spare, Fisher must disable the ship. Will he succeed in preventing a catastrophic disaster, or will he become a casualty of his own bravery?"
Operation Barracuda Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell 2 by David Michaels Raymond Benson Tom Clancy. No description available
"Splinter Cell Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell 1 by David Michaels Raymond Benson Tom Clancy. DON T MISS THE UPCOMING NETFLIX ANIMATED SERIES SPLINTER CELL DEATHWATCH Stakes are high in the dangerous world of international espionage. Follow seasoned Splinter Cell operative Sam Fisher as he embarks on a relentless mission to uncover the truth behind a government betrayal. Several disastrous missions have depleted the ranks of the Splinter Cells. Third Echelon is training new recruits when a stunning piece of evidence is uncovered. Evidence that points to the mole who sold out his government... Told through his own point of view, join Sam Fisher as he navigates a deadly game of cat and mouse in order to clear his name."
Dark Visions by Douglas E. Winter Dan Simmons Stephen King George R.R. Martin. No description available
Ancilla to the Pre Socratic Philosophers by Kathleen Banks Freeman Hermann Alexander Diels. No description available
The Presocratics by Philip Ellis Wheelwright. No description available
The Presocratic Philosophers by Geoffrey S. Kirk John Earle Raven Malcolm Schofield. No description available
Presocratic Philosophy A Very Short Introduction by Catherine Osborne. No description available
The Presocratic Philosophers by Jonathan Barnes Ted Honderich. No description available
The First Philosophers The Presocratics and Sophists by Robin Waterfield Anaximander Anaximenes Empedocles Gorgias of Leontini Heraclitus Parmenides Protagoras Pythagoras Thales Thrasymachus Zeno of Elea. No description available
Skeleton Crew by Stephen King. No description available
The Talisman by Stephen King Peter Straub. No description available
El retrato de Rose Madder by Stephen King Bettina Blanch Tyroller. No description available
"La Milla Verde by Stephen King Mar a Eugenia Ciocchini Su rez. Stephen King ambienta su novela en una penitenciar a de presos condenados a muerte, una antesala del infierno de la que se sirve para trazar una radiograf a del horror en estado puro. Octubre de 1932, penitenciar a de Cold Mountain. Los condenados a muerte aguardan el momento de ser conducidos a la silla el ctrica a trav s del pasillo conocido como la Milla Verde. Los cr menes abominables que han cometido les convierten en carnaza de un sistema legal que se alimenta de un c rculo de locura, muerte y venganza. El guardia de la prisi n Paul Edgecombe ha visto cosas raras en sus a os trabajando en la Milla. Pero nunca ha visto a nadie como John Coffey, un hombre con el cuerpo de un gigante y la mente de un ni o, condenado por un crimen aterrador en su violencia e impactante en su depravaci n. Y en este lugar donde reciben el m ximo castigo, Edgecombe est a punto de descubrir la terrible y maravillosa verdad sobre Coffey, una verdad que desafiar sus m s ntimas creencias... La milla verde representa un hito en la aclamada trayectoria del maestro indiscutible de la narrativa de terror contempor nea. ENGLISH DESCRIPTION Masterfully told and as suspenseful as it is haunting, The Green Mile is Stephen King s classic 1 New York Times bestselling dramatic serial novel and inspiration for the Oscar nominated film starring Tom Hanks. Welcome to Cold Mountain Penitentiary, home to the Depression worn men of E Block. Convicted killers all, each awaits his turn to walk the Green Mile, the lime colored linoleum corridor leading to a final meeting with Old Sparky, Cold Mountain s electric chair. Prison guard Paul Edgecombe has seen his share of oddities over the years working the Mile, but he s never seen anything like John Coffey a man with the body of a giant and the mind of a child, condemned for a crime terrifying in its violence and shocking in its depravity. And in this place of ultimate retribution, Edgecombe is about to discover the terrible, wondrous truth about John Coffey a truth that will challenge his most cherished beliefs ."
Storm of the Century by Stephen King. No description available
Girls Think of Everything Stories of Ingenious Inventions by Women by Catherine Thimmesh Melissa Sweet. No description available
How Dogs Think What the World Looks Like to Them and Why They Act the Way They Do by Stanley Coren. No description available
The How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci Workbook Your Personal Companion to How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci by Michael J. Gelb. No description available
Brit Think Ameri Think A Transatlantic Survival Guide by Jane Walmsley. No description available
What You Think of Me Is None of My Business by Terry Cole Whittaker. No description available
Think on These Things by Jiddu Krishnamurti D. Rajagopal. No description available
Think Like a Cat How to Raise a Well Adjusted Cat Not a Sour Puss by Pam Johnson Bennett. No description available
Think Like a Guy How to Get a Guy by Thinking Like One by Giuliana DePandi. No description available
How to Think Theologically by Howard W. Stone James O. Duke. No description available
"JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Vol. 6 Stardust Crusaders 6 by Hirohiko Araki. As our heroes close in on where they think DIO is, the enemies they fight become more and more dangerous. Trapped in the desert, they face a liquid foe that can pierce steel and attacks any vibration. If they move, they die! Can they find the Stand user before he turns them into Swiss cheese?! VIZ Media"
"JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Vol. 4 Stardust Crusaders 4 by Hirohiko Araki. An epic horror action adventure! Once there was a mighty bloodline of heroes the Joestars. In the 1880s, Englishman Jonathan Joestar gave his life to defeat Dio, a megalomaniacal vampire. Now, 100 years later, Dio is back, and Jonathan's descendants must travel to Egypt to destroy their ancestral enemy once and for all. Avdol has a bullet in his brain, and the heroes face a seemingly unbeatable pair of enemies the Emperor, whose spirit takes the form of a gun, and the Hanged Man, which dwells in mirrors! With death coming closer in every piece of glass, do Polnareff and Kakyoin have a chance?"
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Vol. 5 Stardust Crusaders 5 by Hirohiko Araki. Bizarre things keep happening to JoJo and friends! Even more bizarre than usual! Stuff that can t be explained or rationalized by any stretch of the imagination. Have they finally flipped their lids? Then Polnareff encounters a strange Stand that can grant impossible wishes! Is it too good to be true? VIZ Media
"JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Vol. 7 Stardust Crusaders 7 by Hirohiko Araki. JoJo and friends continue to close in on their nemesis, DIO! Their travels take them across the Middle East, where they face new and more powerful enemies a mysterious woman with magnetic powers, a strange man with the ability to control time and a smooth gambler who deals in souls. Will they die before they even get to DIO?! VIZ Media"
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Tome 4 Dans la salle du dragon deux t tes Phantom Blood 4 by Hirohiko Araki. No description available
"JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Vol. 8 Stardust Crusaders 8 by Hirohiko Araki. As if fighting a small army of new foes isn t hard enough, now some old familiar faces are coming back to haunt our heroes. Making matters worse, they ve teamed up to get revenge! Then the story really gets wild when Iggy the dog Stand user faces a bird with Stand powers! It s a battle of the beasts! VIZ Media"
"Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Tome 17 L'Amoureux terrible Stardust Crusaders 5 by Hirohiko Araki Hirohiko Araki. An epic horror action adventure! Once there was a mighty bloodline of heroes the Joestars. In the 1880s, Englishman Jonathan Joestar gave his life to defeat Dio, a megalomaniacal vampire. Now, 100 years later, Dio is back, and Jonathan's descendants must travel to Egypt to destroy their ancestral enemy once and for all. The Three Wishes After a nightmarish journey through the desert, the heroes find themselves on the western shore of Saudi Arabia, only a short distance from Egypt. Separated from his friends, Polnareff finds a lamp and unleashes a genie that offers to grant him his dearest wishes! Does the world contain stranger things than Stands? Then, the heroes enter a submarine for the last leg of their journey. But beneath the waters of the Red Sea, they find themselves trapped with a terrifying stowaway..."
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Tome 6 Jojo contre la forme de vie ultime Battle Tendency 1 by Hirohiko Araki. No description available
Fevre Dream by George R.R. Martin. No description available
"The Hedge Knight The Tales of Dunk and Egg 1 by Ben Avery Mike S. Miller George R.R. Martin Mike Crowell. Contains an all new exclusive short story by George R. R. Martin! An adaptation of Martin's hit novel, bringing the world of A Song of Ice and Fire to life in comic book form. Night falls over the life of one noble knight and brings the dawn of his squire's knighthood. Dubbing himself Ser Duncan the Tall, The Hedge Knight sets forth to the tourney at Ashford Meadow in search of fame and glory and the honor of upholding his oath as a knight of the Seven Kingdoms. Unfortunately for him, the world isn't ready for a knight who keeps his oaths, and his chivalrous methods could be the very cause of his demise."
"A Clash of Kings A Song of Ice and Fire 2 by George R.R. Martin Roy Dotrice. THE BOOK BEHIND THE SECOND SEASON OF GAME OF THRONES, AN ORIGINAL SERIES NOW ON HBO. Here is the second book in the landmark series that has redefined imaginative fiction and become a modern masterpiece. A CLASH OF KINGS A comet the color of blood and flame cuts across the sky. And from the ancient citadel of Dragonstone to the forbidding shores of Winterfell, chaos reigns. Six factions struggle for control of a divided land and the Iron Throne of the Seven Kingdoms, preparing to stake their claims through tempest, turmoil, and war. It is a tale in which brother plots against brother and the dead rise to walk in the night. Here a princess masquerades as an orphan boy a knight of the mind prepares a poison for a treacherous sorceress and wild men descend from the Mountains of the Moon to ravage the countryside. Against a backdrop of incest and fratricide, alchemy and murder, victory may go to the men and women possessed of the coldest steel . . . and the coldest hearts. For when kings clash, the whole land trembles. A GAME OF THRONES A CLASH OF KINGS A STORM OF SWORDS A FEAST FOR CROWS A DANCE WITH DRAGONS"
Tuf Voyaging by George R.R. Martin. No description available
Jack of Kinrowan Jack the Giant Killer Drink Down the Moon by Charles de Lint. No description available
Lies My Teacher Told Me Everything Your History Textbook Got Wrong by James W. Loewen. No description available
Lies My Teacher Told Me about Christopher Columbus What Your History Books Got Wrong by James W. Loewen. No description available
C.G. Jung and Hermann Hesse A Book of Two Friendships by Miguel Serrano. No description available
The Journey to the East by Hermann Hesse Hilda Rosner. No description available
"Son of a Witch The Wicked Years 2 by Gregory Maguire Douglas Smith Jelena Boji. The New York Times bestselling sequel to Wicked, the multimillion copy bestseller and basis for the Tony Award winning hit musical, soon to be a major motion picture starring Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande. When a Witch dies not as a crone, withered and incapable, but as a woman in her prime, at the height of her passion and prowess too much is left unsaid. What might have happened had Elphaba lived? Of her campaigns in defense of the Animals, of her appetite for justice, of her talent for magic itself, what good might have come? If every death is a tragedy, the death of a woman in her prime keenly bereaves the whole world. Gregory Maguire returns to the world of Wicked and the land of Oz to follow the story of Liir, the adolescent boy left hiding in the shadows of the castle when Dorothy did in the Witch. A decade after the Witch has melted away, the young man Liir is discovered bruised, comatose, and left for dead in a gully. Shattered in spirit as well as in form, he is tended by the mysterious Candle, a foundling in her own right, until failed campaigns of his childhood bear late, unexpected fruit. Liir is only one part of the world that Elphaba left behind. As a boy hardly in his teens, he is asked to help the needy in ways in which he may be unskilled. Is he Elphaba's son? Has he power of his own? Can he liberate Princess Nastoya into a dignified death? Can he locate his supposed half sister, Nor, last seen in shackles in the Wizard's protection? Can he survive in an Oz little improved since the death of the Wicked Witch of the West? Can he learn to fly? In Son of a Witch, Gregory Maguire suggests that the magic we locate in distant, improbable places like Oz is no greater than the magic inherent in any hard life lived fully, son of a witch or no."
March by Geraldine Brooks. No description available
Foreign Correspondence A Pen Pal's Journey from Down Under to All Over by Geraldine Brooks. No description available
"Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Tome 1 Dio L'envahisseur Phantom Blood 1 by Hirohiko Araki. Young Jonathan Joestar's life is forever changed when he meets his new adopted brother, Dio. For some reason, Dio has a smoldering grudge against him and derives pleasure from seeing him suffer. But every man has his limits, as Dio finds out. This is the beginning of a long and hateful relationship!"
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Tome 19 La Lampe Magique Stardust Crusaders 7 by Hirohiko Araki Hirohiko Araki. No description available
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Tome 14 Le Navire d sert et le Singe Stardust Crusaders 2 by Hirohiko Araki Hirohiko Araki. No description available
"Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Tome 13 Le Mal fice de Dio Stardust Crusaders 1 by Hirohiko Araki Hirohiko Araki. Around the world, evil spirits are awakening Stands, monstrous invisible creatures which give their bearers incredible powers. To save his mother s life, 17 year old Jotaro Kujo must travel to Cairo, Egypt, where a hundred year old vampire waits to destroy his bloodline once and for all Reads R to L Japanese Style . Around the world, evil spirits are awakening Stands, monstrous invisible creatures which give their bearers incredible powers. To save his mother s life, 17 year old Jotaro Kujo must travel to Cairo, Egypt, where a hundred year old vampire waits to destroy his bloodline once and for all LAST BATTLE IN CAIRONight has fallen, and the vampire Dio has emerged from his lair in search of his prey. Kakyoin, Polnareff and Joseph, who have pursued Dio halfway around the world, find themselves hunted through the streets of Cairo as the hundred year old vampire reveals his true power. The battle which began in the 1880s ends now. Will Joseph avenge the murder of his grandfather, or is Dio already too powerful to be stopped? The answer lies in the mystery of Dio's Stand the ultimate power called The World"
"Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Tome 5 La derni re onde Phantom Blood 5 by Hirohiko Araki. The gang has managed to keep Trish alive so far, but only barely. As their desperate mission continues, Giorno and his allies risk their lives again and again. Now, something different is happening. They may finally gain the upper hand when Trish begins to show signs of a hidden power herself... VIZ Media"
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Tome 9 Ru e vers la falaise de la mort! Battle Tendency 4 by Hirohiko Araki. No description available
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Tome 18 Death Thirteen Stardust Crusaders 6 by Hirohiko Araki Hirohiko Araki. Bizarre things keep happening to JoJo and friends! Even more bizarre than usual! Stuff that can t be explained or rationalized by any stretch of the imagination. Have they finally flipped their lids? Then Polnareff encounters a strange Stand that can grant impossible wishes! Is it too good to be true? VIZ Media
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Tome 11 Le guerrier qui retourne au vent Battle Tendency 6 by Hirohiko Araki. No description available
"Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Tome 16 L'Exp rience du combat ! Stardust Crusaders 4 by Hirohiko Araki Hirohiko Araki. An epic horror action adventure! Once there was a mighty bloodline of heroes the Joestars. In the 1880s, Englishman Jonathan Joestar gave his life to defeat Dio, a megalomaniacal vampire. Now, 100 years later, Dio is back, and Jonathan's descendants must travel to Egypt to destroy their ancestral enemy once and for all. Final Volume! With his invincible Stand on top of his vampire powers, Dio has crushed the hunters who sought to defeat him. Only Jotaro remains, fighting in the streets and rooftops of Cairo, pitting his own Stand, Star Platinum, against Dio's Stand, The World. The battle which began in the 1880s ends now. Will Jotaro avenge the deaths of his family, or will Dio reign unopposed over a helpless world?"
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Tome 14 Le revolver est plus fort que l' p e Stardust Crusaders 3 by Hirohiko Araki Hirohiko Araki. No description available
From Far Away Vol. 12 by Kyoko Hikawa Yuko Sawada Freeman Wong. No description available
From Far Away Vol. 13 by Kyoko Hikawa Yuko Sawada Freeman Wong. No description available
From Far Away Vol. 14 by Kyoko Hikawa Yuko Sawada Freeman Wong. No description available
Very Far Away from Anywhere Else by Ursula K. Le Guin. No description available
Vagabond Volume 20 by Takehiko Inoue. No description available
13 by Kyoko Hikawa. No description available
Tsubasa RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE Vol. 11 by CLAMP William Flanagan. No description available
Tsubasa RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE Vol. 3 by CLAMP William Flanagan. No description available
Tsubasa RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE Vol. 1 by CLAMP Anthony Gerard. No description available
Tsubasa RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE Vol. 10 by CLAMP William Flanagan. No description available
Tsubasa RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE Vol. 8 by CLAMP William Flanagan. No description available
Tsubasa RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE Vol. 6 by CLAMP William Flanagan. No description available
"Tsubasa RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE Vol. 04 Tsubasa RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE 4 by CLAMP William Flanagan. EL EMOCIONANTE LTIMO VOLUMEN DEL GRAN CROSSOVER DE CLAMP!Sakura, Xiaolang y sus r plicas deben tomar decisiones que cambiar n no solo sus vidas, sino los m ltiples futuros generados por Fei Wong y el deseo de Clow Reed. La esperad sima conclusi n de Tsubasa Reservoir Chronicle, el manga de aventuras de CLAMP!"
Tsubasa RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE Vol. 09 by CLAMP William Flanagan. No description available
Tsubasa RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE Vol. 12 by CLAMP William Flanagan. No description available
RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE 4 by CLAMP. No description available
RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE 6 by CLAMP. No description available
RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE 3 by CLAMP. No description available
RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE 7 by CLAMP. No description available
RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE 8 by CLAMP. No description available
"Hikaru no Go Vol. 7 The Young Lions Tournament Hikaru no Go 7 by Yumi Hotta Takeshi Obata. Go players under the age of 18 in Japan, Korea and China are getting ready to qualify for the Hokuto Cup. Hikaru and Akira are both in contention for the Japanese team, but the preliminaries prove to be tough going. Stung by a reality check, Hikaru focuses like never before. But will it be enough to meet the challenge of the unconventional yet formidable go of Kiyoharu Yashiro of the Kansai Go Association? VIZ Media"
"Hikaru no Go Vol. 8 The Pro Test Preliminaries Day Four Hikaru no Go 8 by Yumi Hotta Takeshi Obata. Hikaru faces the preliminary rounds of the pro test, during which he must eliminate not only his classmates at the insei school but also any outsiders who want to take the test. One of them in particular appears to know how to exploit Hikaru's weaknesses, and poor Hikaru seems powerless to stop him. VIZ Media"
"Hikaru no Go Vol. 1 Descent of the Go Master Hikaru no Go 1 by Yumi Hotta Takeshi Obata. Hikaru Shindo is like any sixth grader in Japan a pretty normal school boy with a two tone head of hair and a penchant for antics. One day, he finds an old bloodstained Go board in his grandfather's attic and that's when things get really interesting. Trapped inside the Go board is Fujiwara no Sai, the ghost of an ancient Go master who taught the strategically complex board game to the Emperor of Japan many centuries ago. Cover of v. 1."
"Hikaru no Go Vol. 9 The Pro Test Begins Hikaru no Go 9 by Yumi Hotta Takeshi Obata Yukari Umezawa. Practicing at Go salons is turning out to be more fun than Hikaru thought. But at one salon he meets his match in Suyong Hong, a sullen 12 year old who is studying for the pro test in his native Korea. By mistake, Hikaru insults Suyong, and now the only way they can settle their differences is by playing a grudge match! VIZ Media"
"Hikaru no Go Vol. 10 Lifeline Hikaru no Go 10 by Yumi Hotta Takeshi Obata. The main round of the pro test has begun. Everyone's feeling the pressure, no one more so than Hikaru's friend Isumi, who has failed the test twice before. Fighting off his feelings of self doubt, Isumi faces his next opponent, who turns out to be Hikaru. But a careless mistake lands the pair in an awkward position! VIZ Media"
18 by Yumi Hotta Yumi Hotta. No description available
23 by Yumi Hotta Yumi Hotta. No description available
7 by Yumi Hotta Yumi Hotta. No description available
15 by Yumi Hotta Yumi Hotta. No description available
13 by Yumi Hotta Yumi Hotta. No description available
14 sai vs toya koyo by Yumi Hotta Yumi Hotta. No description available
16 by Yumi Hotta Yumi Hotta. No description available
6 by Yumi Hotta Takeshi Obata. No description available
9 by Yumi Hotta Yumi Hotta. No description available
22 by Yumi Hotta Yumi Hotta. No description available
12 by Yumi Hotta Yumi Hotta. No description available
"Death Note Vol. 8 Target Death Note 8 by Tsugumi Ohba Takeshi Obata Tetsuichiro Miyaki. Light working as Kira, the newest member of the NPA intelligence bureau, and L has nearly succeeded in creating his ideal world. But the years of uncontested victory have made him complacent, and he is unprepared for a new attack close to home. With his younger sister Sayu kidnapped and the NPA's Death Note demanded as ransom, Light must travel across the world and confront two new adversaries, each with a very different agenda. Will Light's quick wits be a match for this new challenge, or will he be forced to choose between Kira's ambitions and his own family's lives? VIZ Media"
"Death Note Vol. 1 Boredom Death Note 1 by Tsugumi Ohba Takeshi Obata Pookie Rolf. Light tests the boundaries of the Death Note's powers as L and the police begin to close in. Luckily Light's father is the head of the Japanese National Police Agency and leaves vital information about the case lying around the house. With access to his father's files, Light can keep one step ahead of the authorities. But who is the strange man following him, and how can Light guard against enemies whose names he doesn't know? VIZ Media"
"Death Note Vol. 4 Love Death Note 4 by Tsugumi Ohba Alexis Kirsch. With two Kiras on the loose, L asks Light to join the task force and pose as the real Kira in order to catch the copycat. L still suspects Light and figures that this is the perfect excuse to get closer to his quarry. Light agrees to the plan in order to have free access to the task force resources. But when Light manages to contact the new Kira, he discovers that his rival is anything but as expected. Will Light escape from love unscathed? VIZ Media"
"Death Note Vol. 5 Whiteout Death Note 5 by Tsugumi Ohba Takeshi Obata Alexis Kirsch. After a week locked up with no one but Ryuk for company, Light is ready to give up his Death Note and all memories of it. Freed from his past actions, Light is convinced he's innocent. But L is ready to keep Light under lock and key forever, especially since the killings stopped once Light was incarcerated. Then a new wave of Kira crimes hits Japan. Someone else has gotten their hands on a Death Note, and these new deaths aren't focused on making the world a better place, they're focused on making money. Big business can be murder, and Kira has gone corporate! VIZ Media"
"Death Note Vol. 3 Hard Run Death Note 3 by Tsugumi Ohba Takeshi Obata Pookie Rolf. Light is chafing under L's extreme surveillance, but even 64 microphones and cameras hidden in his room aren't enough to stop Light. He steps up the game, but before the battle of wits can really begin, a family emergency distracts him. But even though Light isn't using the Death Note right now, someone else is! Who's the new Kira in town? VIZ Media"
"Death Note Vol. 2 Confluence Death Note 2 by Tsugumi Ohba Takeshi Obata Pookie Rolf. Light thinks he's put an end to his troubles with the FBI by using the Death Note to kill off the FBI agents working the case in Japan! But one of the agents has a fianc e who used to work in the Bureau, and now she's uncovered information that could lead to Light's capture. To make matters worse, L has emerged from the shadows to work directly with the task force headed by Light's father. With people pursuing him from every direction, will Light get caught in the conflux? VIZ Media"
"Death Note Vol. 6 Give and Take Death Note 6 by Tsugumi Ohba Takeshi Obata Alexis Kirsch. Although they've collected plenty of evidence tying the seven Yotsuba members to the newest Kira, Light, L and the rest of the task force are no closer to discovering which one actually possesses the Death Note. Desperate for some headway, L recruits Misa to infiltrate the group and feed them information calculated to bring Kira into the open. But the Shinigami Rem reveals to Misa who the Kiras really are, and, armed with this knowledge, Misa will do anything to help Light. But what will that mean for L...? VIZ Media"
"Death Note Vol. 7 Zero Death Note 7 by Tsugumi Ohba Takeshi Obata Alexis Kirsch. After a high speed chase, Light and the task force apprehend the newest Kira. Light regains his Death Note and his memories, and the depths of his cunning are revealed as the plans he carefully put in place before going into confinement are slowly unveiled. His masterful manipulation of both humans and Shinigami lead him to the strongest position he's yet enjoyed. But the glow of his victory is marred when a new threat appears. Can Light withstand a surprise attack on two fronts? VIZ Media"
"Death Note Vol. 9 Contact Death Note 9 by Tsugumi Ohba Takeshi Obata Tetsuichiro Miyaki. Light has always been confident in his ability to outthink everyone, but L's prot g s are proving to be more of a challenge than he anticipated. The more Light mentally maneuvers, the tighter the net around him becomes. And now Near and Mello are working to break the task force apart and expose Kira from within! Light has always held up under pressure in the past, but will the stress of this new line of attack and the strain of maintaining three different personalities be the beginning of his end? VIZ Media"
"Death Note Vol. 10 Deletion Death Note 10 by Tsugumi Ohba Takeshi Obata Tetsuichiro Miyaki. When Light Yagami finds a notebook giving him power over death, will he use it for good or evil? Light Yagami is an ace student with great prospects and he's bored out of his mind. But all that changes when he finds the Death Note, a notebook dropped by a rogue Shinigami death god. Any human whose name is written in the notebook dies, and now Light has vowed to use the power of the Death Note to rid the world of evil. But when criminals begin dropping dead, the authorities send the legendary detective L to track down the killer. With L hot on his heels, will Light lose sight of his noble goal...or his life? Light has always been confident in his ability to outthink everyone, but L's prot g s are proving to be more of a challenge than he anticipated. The more Light mentally maneuvers, the tighter the net around him becomes. And now Near and Mello are working to break the task force apart and expose Kira from within! Light has always held up under pressure in the past, but will the stress of this new line of attack and the strain of maintaining three different personalities be the beginning of his end?"
The Worm Ouroboros by E.R. Eddison Keith Henderson. No description available
"Mistress of Mistresses A Vision of Zimiamvia The Zimiamvian Trilogy 1 by E.R. Eddison Gerald Ravenscourt Hayes Keith Henderson. MISTRESS OF MISTRESSES was the first published novel in E.R. Eddison s celebrated Zimiamvian trilogy. Like Tolkien s Middle Earth, Zimiamvia is a world which mirrors our own but passions run stronger there, and life, love and treachery are epic in their intensity. And magic, of course, is a reality. Mezentius had ruled the Three Kingdoms with a firm hand, but his legitimate heir is a weakling, frightened of the power of his half brother, Duke Barganax, and of that of the terrifying Horius Parry, Vicar of Rerek. As Parry and Barganax manoeuvre, intrigue and plot, it is clear that the new king isn t long for the world. The key to the control of the Three Kingdoms lies with Lessingham, Parry s cousin, the only man both sides can trust. But then Parry decides that Lessingham must die. As heroes and villains clash, an even darker game is being played for the Lady Fiorinda is testing her own powers to decide the fates of men...MISTRESS OF MISTRESSES is as powerful, exciting and intriguing today as when it was first published."
The Mezentian Gate by E.R. Eddison. No description available
The Mythical Man Month Essays on Software Engineering by Frederick P. Brooks Jr.. No description available
Museum of Terror Vol. 1 Tomie 1 by Junji Ito Naomi Kokubo. No description available
Museum of Terror Vol. 2 Tomie 2 by Junji Ito Naomi Kokubo. No description available
Museum of Terror Vol. 3 The Long Hair in the Attic by Junji Ito. No description available
Tomie 1 by Junji Ito. No description available
Tomie 2 Part 2 by Junji Ito. No description available
"Hana Yori Dango Le jeu da la fin du monde 1 Boys Over Flowers 1 by Y ko Kamio. Born into a middle class family and considered poor compared to her wealthy classmates, typical teenager Tsukushi Makino deals with life, love, and new classmates after she is accepted into the prestigious Eitoku academy."
Hana Yori Dango 3 Boys Over Flowers 3 by Y ko Kamio. No description available
Hana Yori Dango 2 Boys Over Flowers 2 by Y ko Kamio. No description available
Voices Annals of the Western Shore 2 by Ursula K. Le Guin. Young Memer takes on a pivotal role in freeing her war torn homeland from its oppressive captors.
"Gifts Annals of the Western Shore 1 by Ursula K. Le Guin. Ursula K. Le Guin s Nebula Award winning young adult fantasy series gathered for the first time in a deluxe collector s edition for readers of all ages Teenagers struggle to come to terms with their own mysterious and magical gifts as they come of age in the far flung Western Shore. This fifth volume in the definitive Library of America edition of Ursula K. Le Guin s work presents a trilogy of coming of age stories set in the Western Shore a world where young people find themselves struggling not just against racism, prejudice, and slavery, but with how to live with the mysterious and magical gifts they have been given. All three novels feature the generous voice and deeply human concerns that mark all Le Guin s work, and together they form an elegant anthem to the revolutionary and transformative power of words and storytelling. In Gifts, Orrec and Gry will inherit both their families domains and their gifts, the ability to communicate with animals, or control a mind, or maim or kill with only a word and gesture. Both discover their gifts are not what they thought. In Voices, Memer lives in a city conquered by fundamentalist and superstitious soldiers who have made reading and writing forbidden. But in Memer s house there is a secret room where the last few books in the city have been hidden. And in the Nebula Award winning Powers, the young slave Gavir can remember any book after reading it just once. It makes him valuable, but it also makes him a threat. Gav sets out to understand who he is, where he came from, and what his gift means. This deluxe edition features Le Guin s own previously unseen hand drawn maps. Included in an appendix are essays and interviews about the novels, as well as Le Guin s pronunciation guide to the names and languages of the Western Shore."
Lao Tzu Tao Te Ching A Book about the Way and the Power of the Way by Lao Tzu Ursula K. Le Guin J.P. Seaton. No description available
The Wave in the Mind Talks and Essays on the Writer the Reader and the Imagination by Ursula K. Le Guin. No description available
The Dispossessed by Ursula K. Le Guin. No description available
Five Complete Novels by Ursula K. Le Guin. No description available
"Tehanu Earthsea Cycle 4 by Ursula K. Le Guin. When Sparrowhawk, the Archmage of Earthsea, returns from the dark land stripped of his magic powers, he finds refuge with the aging widow Tenar and a crippled girl child who carries an unknown destiny."
Changing Planes by Ursula K. Le Guin. No description available
"The Other Wind Earthsea Cycle 6 by Ursula K. Le Guin Samuel Roukin. This new, fifth, Earthsea audiobook pits Ged, Tenar, and Tehanu against the dead. A dragon shows the hard way to salvation."
"Tales from Earthsea Earthsea Cycle 5 by Ursula K. Le Guin. The tales of this book explore and extend the world established by the Earthsea novels yet each stands on its own. It contains the novella The Finder, and the short stories The Bones of the Earth, Darkrose and Diamond, On the High Marsh, and Dragonfly. Concluding with with an account of Earthsea's history, people, languages, literature, and magic, this collection also features two new maps of Earthsea."
"Jane on Her Own Catwings 4 by Ursula K. Le Guin S.D. Schindler. Jane has a city adventure in this fourth book in legendary author Ursula K. Le Guin s bestselling Catwings chapter book series, now with a new look! Jane, the youngest of the Catwings, thinks that life on the farm is absolutely boring. Looking for adventure, she takes to the skies to explore all the world has to offer. But when she flies through the window of a friendly seeming human, Jane finds herself captured and forced to make TV appearances as Miss Mystery, the fabulous winged cat. How can she possibly explore the world now? Is there anywhere Jane can be truly free?"
The Tombs of Atuan Earthsea Cycle 2 by Ursula K. Le Guin Margot Paronis. No description available
Catwings Catwings 1 by Ursula K. Le Guin S.D. Schindler. No description available
Wonderful Alexander and the Catwings by Ursula K. Le Guin S.D. Schindler. No description available
"The Farthest Shore Earthsea Cycle 3 by Ursula K. Le Guin. When the prince of Enlad declares the wizards have forgotten their spells, Ged sets out to test the ancient prophecies of Earthsea."
The Life and Games of Mikhail Tal by Mikhail Tal Iakov Damsky Kenneth P. Neat. No description available
Tal Botvinnik 1960 by Mikhail Tal Hanon W. Russell. No description available
Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra John Rutherford. No description available
Cromartie High School Vol. 06 by Eiji Nonaka Brendan Frayne. No description available
Cromartie High School Vol. 05 by Eiji Nonaka Brendan Frayne. No description available
Cromartie High School Vol. 01 by Eiji Nonaka Brendan Frayne. No description available
Cromartie High School Vol. 02 by Eiji Nonaka Brendan Frayne. No description available
Bleach Volume 16 by Tite Kubo. No description available
Bleach Volume 13 by Tite Kubo. No description available
Bleach Volume 10 by Tite Kubo. No description available
Bleach Volume 18 by Tite Kubo. No description available
Bleach Volume 17 by Tite Kubo. No description available
Bleach Volume 19 by Tite Kubo. No description available
Bleach Volume 20 by Tite Kubo. No description available
"The Twelve Kingdoms Sea of Shadow The Twelve Kingdoms 1 by Fuyumi Ono Akihiro Yamada Elye J. Alexander Alexander O. Smith. YA. Graphic Novel. Yoko Nakajima's life has been fairly ordinary until Keiki, a young man with golden hair, tells her that she is his master and must return to their kingdom. With the help of a magic sword and a magic stone against the demons on her trail Yoko begins her quest for both survival and self discovery in her new land."
Twelve Fair Kingdoms by Suzette Haden Elgin. No description available
Crest of the Stars 2 A Modest War Seikai no Monshou 2 by Hiroyuki Morioka. No description available
Crest of the Stars 3 Return to a Strange World Seikai no Monshou 3 by Hiroyuki Morioka. No description available
Julie and Julia My Year of Cooking Dangerously by Julie Powell. No description available
Julie and Julia 365 Days 524 Recipes 1 Tiny Apartment Kitchen by Julie Powell. No description available
The Master of Go by Yasunari Kawabata Edward G. Seidensticker. No description available
"Conrad's Fate Chrestomanci 5 by Diana Wynne Jones. Someone at Stallery Mansion is changing the world. At first, only small details, but the changes get bigger and bigger. It's up to Conrad, a twelve year old with terrible karma who's just joined the mansion's staff, to find out who is behind it. But he's not the only one snooping around. His fellow servant in training, Christopher Chant, is charming, confident, and from another world, with a mission of his own rescuing his friend, lost in an alternate Stallery Mansion. Can they save the day before Conrad's awful fate catches up with them?"
Rocketman Astronaut Pete Conrad's Incredible Ride to the Moon and Beyond by Nancy Conrad Howard A. Klausner Buzz Aldrin. No description available
"Red River Vol. 14 Red River 14 by Chie Shinohara. Queen Nakia decides to prevent Yuri from ever returning to Japan by destroying one of the seven springs of Hattusa. Yuri races to stop her, but an omen compels her to ride to Kail, who is fighting the Egyptians in Ugarit. Her action tips the balance in favor of the outnumbered Hittites, and Kail is thrilled that she has chosen to stay in his age so they can be together. However, the two lovers little suspect that Nakia has set an insidious scheme in motion to prevent that forever! VIZ Media"
Red River Vol. 15 Red River 15 by Chie Shinohara. No description available
Red River Vol. 16 Red River 16 by Chie Shinohara. No description available
Red River Vol. 17 Red River 17 by Chie Shinohara. No description available
Tramps Like Us Volume 8 by Yayoi Ogawa. No description available
Tramps Like Us Volume 9 by Yayoi Ogawa. No description available
Tramps Like Us Volume 11 by Yayoi Ogawa. No description available
Tramps Like Us Volume 12 by Yayoi Ogawa. No description available
11 Kimi wa Petto 11 by Yayoi Ogawa. No description available
Suki's Kimono by Chieri Uegaki St phane Jorisch. No description available
The Interpreter by Suki Kim. No description available
The Thousandfold Thought The Prince of Nothing 3 by R. Scott Bakker. The apocalyptic holy war comes to a head in this conclusion to the groundbreaking Prince of Nothing series and casts into question all the action that has taken place before.
"Flight of the Nighthawks The Darkwar Saga 1 by Raymond E. Feist. A new evil threatens Midkemia, its web stretching from the deepest criminal underworld all the way up to the highest seats of power in ancient Kesh. And the Conclave of Shadows, charged unexpectedly with the training of two apprentices, must also best powerful agents of the darkest magic . . . for the fate of two worlds lies in the balance. The New York Times bestselling author and master of fantasy Raymond E. Feist returns to his signature world of Midkemia in this first book in a gripping new trilogy that ushers in the third, and most dramatic, Riftwar yet the Darkwar. In the middle of the night on Sorcerer's Isle, the powerful sorcerer Pug is awakened from a nightmare that portends destruction for all of Midkemia. Disturbed by the dream, Pug calls for a convening of the Conclave of Shadows. Though Pug does not yet know it, his son Magnus has discovered the cause of Pug's prophetic dream a beacon has been unleashed, directing a vast army of alien invaders to Midkemia, an army so formidable that even the might of the Tsurani Empire might fall before its fury. Meanwhile, in far Stardock town, two boys are coming of age. But on the dusty path that leads them from home they are thrust by fate into a life undreamed of, becoming enmeshed in intrigue, murder, and treason. Though untrained and unready, they are called upon by the mysterious Conclave to travel deep into the heart of the Empire of Great Kesh, to confront a plot so dark and twisted it will implicate even the highest ranking nobles of the Empire, even members of the royal family itself. And behind this plot they discover the ancient Brotherhood of Death, the clan of assassins known as the Nighthawks. And Pug will find himself once again facing his old nemesis, the evil wizard formerly known as Sidi, now Leso Varen, in a confrontation with everything at stake his honor, his life, and the future of Midkemia."
Magician Apprentice The Riftwar Saga 1 by Raymond E. Feist. No description available
"Into a Dark Realm The Darkwar Saga 2 by Raymond E. Feist. The acclaimed master fantasist is back with more adventure, danger, magic, and intrigue in this second thrilling installment in The Darkwar Saga The Conclave of Shadows has foiled the Nighthawks attempt to plunge the Empire of Great Kesh into civil war and now has undertaken to stamp out the Guild of Assassins, root and branch. But as the brotherhood of murder is being obliterated, Pug and his allies are confronted with an even more dire question where is Leso Varen? They discover that the mad sorcerer has taken refuge on the world of Kelewan, among the most powerful men and women of that empire, the Magicians of the Assembly. Pug also learns that the massive hordes of the Dasati the most vicious group of assassins he has ever known is poised to make a joint invasion of both Kelewan and Midkemia. To save the future of both empires, Pug and the Conclave of Shadows must journey into another realm of reality, into the darkest realm they have ever encountered the Dasati home world!"
Manna from Heaven by Roger Zelazny Scott Zrubeck Steven Brust. No description available
Lord of Light by Roger Zelazny. No description available
"Roger Zelazny's To Rule in Amber The Dawn of Amber 3 by John Gregory Betancourt Roger Zelazny. In the final novels of his ten book Amber series, Roger Zelazny rewarded readers with several startling revelations about his fantasy universe. Fans discovered for the first time that Amber is not the one true world of which all others are but Shadows. Rather, the mysterious Courts of Chaos preceded the creation of Amber. It was also revealed that the mad mage Dworkin was the father of Oberon, founder of Amber s ruling dynasty, and that Dworkin s origins go further back in time than the founding of Amber itself. The Dawn of Amber is a prequel series, exploring events that precede the first novel in the series, that answers these intriguing questions. Here, in Book One, you ll meet the young soldier known as Obere as he s whisked away from the kingdom and world he has known and defended his entire life, and placed on a knife s edge of turmoil, intrigue, domination and death. He must learn what he can on the fly, unwilling to let friend and foe alike know how little he understands of this strange universe and the dangerous creatures that rule it. His life is in jeopardy, as is the entire House of Dworkin the result of an ages old blood feud that threatens to destroy Obere s new found family and any hope for a universe of light to balance and oppose the forces of Chaos and darkness. To achieve his legacy of power and become a player rather than a pawn in this deadly game whose rules he is yet to discover, Obere must journey into the serpent s lair, the home of his enemies . . . the Courts of Chaos."
"Terrier Beka Cooper 1 by Tamora Pierce. BEKA COOPER IS a rookie with the Provost's Guard, and she's been assigned to the Lower City. It's a tough beat, but Beka can hear the voices of the dead on the wings of pigeons, and Beka's birds clue her in to two major murderers on the loose. The rest of the Guard is busy investigating the fire opal killer, so it's up to Beka to nab the Shadow Snake.Tamora Pierce begins a new Tortall trilogy introducing Beka Cooper, a young woman who lived 200 years before Pierce's popular Alanna character. Pierce employs first person narration, bringing readers even closer to a character that they will love for her unusual talents and tough personality."
"Alanna The First Adventure Song of the Lioness 1 by Tamora Pierce. Eleven year old Alanna, who aspires to be a knight even though she is a girl, disguises herself as a boy to become a royal page, learning many hard lessons along her path to high adventure."
Young Warriors Stories of Strength by Tamora Pierce Josepha Sherman Margaret Mahy Lesley McBain Mike Resnick Bruce Rogers Pamela F. Service Jan Stirling Holly Black Doranna Durgin India Edghill Rosemary Edghill Esther M. Friesner Laura Anne Gilman Janis Ian Brett Hartinge. No description available
"Emperor Mage Immortals 3 by Tamora Pierce. When she is sent as part of the delegation from Tortall to negotiate a peace treaty with Carthak, fifteen year old Daine must use her powers to communicate with animals for more than healing the Carthak emperor's dying birds."
"The Realms of the Gods Immortals 4 by Tamora Pierce. While in the mystical realms of the gods along with Numair, Daine learns the secrets of her past and the implications for her future as she and Numair are compelled to return to the mortal world of Tortall to help fight against the immortals."
In the Hand of the Goddess Song of the Lioness 2 by Tamora Pierce. Original publication and copyright date 1984.
Wild Magic Immortals 1 by Tamora Pierce. No description available
"Lioness Rampant Song of the Lioness 4 by Tamora Pierce. Now a knight errant, Alanna goes on a quest for a legendary jewel in this fourth and final book in Tamora Pierce s Margaret A. Edwards Award winning young adult series now with a new look! Having achieved her dream of becoming the first female knight errant, Alanna of Trebond finds herself at loose ends. She has already triumphed in countless bloody battles, and her adventures are considered legendary. Perhaps being a knight errant is not all that Alanna needs But Alanna must push her uncertainty aside when she is tasked with the impossible. She must recover the Dominion Jewel, a legendary gem that has enormous power for good in the right hands. And Alanna must work fast. Her archenemy, Duke Roger, is back and more formidable than ever, putting Tortall in great danger. As she puts her hard won skills to use, Alanna discovers through fierce combat and ceaseless searching that she can make a future worthy of her mythic past both as a warrior and as a woman."
The Botany of Desire A Plant's Eye View of the World by Michael Pollan. No description available
The Botany of Desire A Plant's Eye View of the World by Michael Pollan Scott Brick. No description available
More Milly Molly Mandy by Joyce Lankester Brisley. No description available
Essence and Alchemy A Natural History of Perfume by Mandy Aftel. No description available
The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe by C.S. Lewis Pauline Baynes. No description available
"Promise of the Witch King Forgotten Realms The Sellswords 2 by R.A. Salvatore. Follows the power hungry dark elf Jarlaxle and his assassin compatriot, Artemis Entreri, as they battle evil forces, in the second volume in a series chronicling the adventures of two characters from the Forgotten Realms universe. Reprint."
"Witches Abroad Discworld 12 by Terry Pratchett. Be careful what you wish for... Once upon a time there was a fairy godmother named Desiderata who had a good heart, a wise head, and poor planning skills which unforunately left the Princess Emberella in the care of her other not quite so good and wise godmother when DEATH came for Desiderata. So now it's up to Magrat Garlick, Granny Weatherwax, and Nanny Ogg to hop on broomsticks and make for far distant Genua to ensure the servant girl doesn't marry the Prince. But the road to Genua is bumpy, and along the way the trio of witches encounters the occasional vampire, werewolf, and falling house well this is a fairy tale, after all . The trouble really begins once these reluctant foster godmothers arrive in Genua and must outwit their power hungry counterpart who'll stop at nothing to achieve a proper happy ending even if it means destroying a kingdom."
"The Wizard's Apprentice The Keepers 2 by Jackie French Koller Rebecca Guay. In the second installment of the Keepers trilogy, Nell, a promising young witch, continues her difficult quest to become Apprentice Keeper."
"Magician Apprentice The Riftwar Saga 1 by Raymond E. Feist Brett Booth. The Riftwar Saga a classic of fantasy literature which no true fan should be without opens with this tale of magic, might, and adventure. One of the world s most successful fantasy fiction authors. The Guardian Raymond E. Feist s Riftwar Saga a classic of fantasy literature which no true fan should be without opens with this tale of magic, might, and adventure. Orphaned boy Pug is apprenticed to a powerful court magician named Kulgan in the world of Midkemia. Though ill at ease with the normal ways of wizardry, Pug soon earns his place as a squire after saving the life of one of the royals at court. But his courage will be tested still further when dark beings from another world open a rift in the fabric of spacetime to rekindle the age old battle between the forces of Order and Chaos. Now the lives of Pug and his friend Tomas are thrown into danger and disarray. Only Pug s strange brand of magic might yet turn the tide, in the struggle to repel the invaders and restore peace to Midkemia. Praise for Magician Apprentice Understandably, this is one of the highest regarded books in the world. Fantasy Book Review Totally gripping . . . A fantasy of epic scope, fast moving action and vivid imagination. The Washington Post Book World Most exciting . . . A very worthy and absorbing addition to the fantasy field. Andre Norton The best new fantasty in years . . . has a chance of putting its aughor firmly on the trone next to Tolkien and keeping him there. The Dragon Magazine"
Geek Love by Katherine Dunn. No description available
Dear God Help!!! Love Earl by Barbara Park Kenneth Lafreniere. No description available
"Prince of the Blood Krondor's Sons 1 by Raymond E. Feist. Prince of the Blood is a work that explores strength and weakness, hope and fear, and what it means to be a man in a kingdom where peace is the most precious commodity of all. If there were two more impetuous and carefree men in the Kingdom of the Isles, they had yet to be found. Twins Borric and Erland wore that mantle proudly, much to the chagrin of their father, Prince Arutha of Krondor. But their blissful youth has come to an end. Their uncle, the King, has produced no male children. Bypassing himself, Arutha names Borric, the eldest twin by seconds, the Royal Heir. As his brother, Erland will have his own great responsibilities to shoulder. To drive home their future roles, Arutha sends them as ambassadors to Kesh, the most feared nation in the world. Borric and Erland will be presented to the Queen of Kesh the single most powerful ruler in the known world at her Seventy fifth Jubilee Anniversary. But they have not even left Krondor when an assassination attempt on Borric is thwarted. Aware that he is being provoked into war, Arutha does not rise to the bait. His sons journey will not be deterred, for nothing less than peace is riding on it. Yet there is to be no peace for the young princes. When their traveling party is ambushed, Borric disappears and is presumed dead sending Erland into spirals of rage and grief as he is forced to navigate alone the court intrigues at Kesh. But unbeknownst to anyone, Borric lives and has escaped his captors. In a strange land, with a price on his head, Borric must use all his wits and stamina to find his way back to his brother. On separate paths, the two men one a fugitive and one a future king make their journey toward maturity, honor, and duty. For every step they take could sway the fragile peace of the land, as those who crave war rally against them and become ever more daring."
"Shards of a Broken Crown The Serpentwar Saga 4 by Raymond E. Feist. Winter's icy grasp is loosening on the world. The Emerald Queen's vanquished army has its broken back to the Bitter Sea. And treachery is its only recourse.A lackey has declared himself Lord of the defeated, amassing the still fearsome remnants of a ruthless fighting force together for one final assault on a weakened, vulnerable realm.For the warriors who remained steadfast against terrible numbers, for the courageous souls who barely survived a devastating onslaught upon their homeland, the time to rebuild and renew has not yet come. The war is not over in Midkemia. And Jimmy and Dash two young noble brothers who stand at the center of a gathering storm are impelled to action that could secure a tenuous peace"
Rage of a Demon King The Serpentwar Saga 3 by Raymond E. Feist. Fantasy roman.
A Crown of Swords The Wheel of Time 7 by Robert Jordan. Fantasy roman.
"Winter's Heart The Wheel of Time 9 by Robert Jordan. The Wheel of Time R is a PBS Great American Read Selection Now in development for TV Since its debut in 1990, The Wheel of Time R by Robert Jordan has captivated millions of readers around the globe with its scope, originality, and compelling characters. The Wheel of Time turns and Ages come and go, leaving memories that become legend. Legend fades to myth, and even myth is long forgotten when the Age that gave it birth returns again. In the Third Age, an Age of Prophecy, the World and Time themselves hang in the balance. What was, what will be, and what is, may yet fall under the Shadow. Rand is on the run with Min, and in Cairhein, Cadsuane is trying to figure out where he is headed. Rand's destination is, in fact, one she has never considered. Mazrim Taim, leader of the Black Tower, is revealed to be a liar. But what is he up to? Faile, with the Aiel Maidens, Bain and Chiad, and her companions, Queen Alliandre and Morgase, is prisoner of Savanna's sept. Perrin is desperately searching for Faile. With Elyas Machera, Berelain, the Prophet and a very mixed army of disparate forces, he is moving through country rife with bandits and roving Seanchan. The Forsaken are ever more present, and united, and the man called Slayer stalks Tel'aran'rhiod and the wolfdream. In Ebou Dar, the Seanchan princess known as Daughter of the Nine Moons arrives and Mat, who had been recuperating in the Tarasin Palace, is introduced to her. Will the marriage that has been foretold come about? TV series update Sony will produce along with Red Eagle Entertainment and Radar Pictures. Rafe Judkins is attached to write and executive produce. Judkins previously worked on shows such as ABC's Agents of SHIELD, the Netflix series Hemlock Grove, and the NBC series Chuck. Red Eagle partners Rick Selvage and Larry Mondragon will executive produce along with Radar's Ted Field and Mike Weber. Darren Lemke will also executive produce, with Jordan's widow Harriet McDougal serving as consulting producer. Variety The Wheel of Time R New Spring The Novel 1 The Eye of the World 2 The Great Hunt 3 The Dragon Reborn 4 The Shadow Rising 5 The Fires of Heaven 6 Lord of Chaos 7 A Crown of Swords 8 The Path of Daggers 9 Winter's Heart 10 Crossroads of Twilight 11 Knife of Dreams By Robert Jordan and Brandon Sanderson 12 The Gathering Storm 13 Towers of Midnight 14 A Memory of Light By Robert Jordan and Teresa Patterson The World of Robert Jordan's The Wheel of Time By Robert Jordan, Harriet McDougal, Alan Romanczuk, and Maria Simons The Wheel of Time Companion By Robert Jordan and Amy Romanczuk Patterns of the Wheel Coloring Art Based on Robert Jordan's The Wheel of Time"
"The Fires of Heaven The Wheel of Time 5 by Robert Jordan. The Wheel of Time R is a PBS Great American Read Selection Now in development for TV Since its debut in 1990, The Wheel of Time R by Robert Jordan has captivated millions of readers around the globe with its scope, originality, and compelling characters. The Wheel of Time turns and Ages come and go, leaving memories that become legend. Legend fades to myth, and even myth is long forgotten when the Age that gave it birth returns again. In the Third Age, an Age of Prophecy, the World and Time themselves hang in the balance. What was, what will be, and what is, may yet fall under the Shadow. Into the forbidden city of Rhuidean, where Rand al'Thor, now the Dragon Reborn, must conceal his present endeavor from all about him, even Egwene and Moiraine. Into the Amyrlin's study in the White Tower, where the Amyrlin, Elaida do Avriny a'Roihan, is weaving new plans. Into the luxurious hidden chamber where the Forsaken Rahvin is meeting with three of his fellows to ensure their ultimate victory over the Dragon. Into the Queen's court in Caemlyn, where Morgase is curiously in thrall to the handsome Lord Gaebril. For once the dragon walks the land, the fires of heaven fall where they will, until all men's lives are ablaze. And in Shayol Ghul, the Dark One stirs... TV series update Sony will produce along with Red Eagle Entertainment and Radar Pictures. Rafe Judkins is attached to write and executive produce. Judkins previously worked on shows such as ABC's Agents of SHIELD, the Netflix series Hemlock Grove, and the NBC series Chuck. Red Eagle partners Rick Selvage and Larry Mondragon will executive produce along with Radar's Ted Field and Mike Weber. Darren Lemke will also executive produce, with Jordan's widow Harriet McDougal serving as consulting producer. Variety The Wheel of Time R New Spring The Novel 1 The Eye of the World 2 The Great Hunt 3 The Dragon Reborn 4 The Shadow Rising 5 The Fires of Heaven 6 Lord of Chaos 7 A Crown of Swords 8 The Path of Daggers 9 Winter's Heart 10 Crossroads of Twilight 11 Knife of Dreams By Robert Jordan and Brandon Sanderson 12 The Gathering Storm 13 Towers of Midnight 14 A Memory of Light By Robert Jordan and Teresa Patterson The World of Robert Jordan's The Wheel of Time By Robert Jordan, Harriet McDougal, Alan Romanczuk, and Maria Simons The Wheel of Time Companion By Robert Jordan and Amy Romanczuk Patterns of the Wheel Coloring Art Based on Robert Jordan's The Wheel of Time"
A Beautiful Mind by Sylvia Nasar. No description available
How To Have A Beautiful Mind by Edward de Bono. No description available
The State of Mind Called Beautiful by Sayadaw U. Pandita Kate Wheeler Swami Vivekananda. No description available
Il genio dei numeri by Sylvia Nasar Carlo Capararo Sergio Mancini Roberta Zuppet. No description available
"Wolfskin Saga of the Light Isles 1 by Juliet Marillier. Eyvind can think of no more glorious future than becoming a Wolfskin, a warrior devoted to the service of the mighty war god Thor. His closest friend, Somerled, a strange and lonely boy, has his own very different ambitions yet a childhood oath, sworn in blood, binds these two in life long loyalty. Eyvind and Somerled seem set to follow very different paths one becoming a fearless servant of the Warfather, the other a scholarly courtier. Then a voyage of discovery, led by Somerled's brother Ulf, brings the two friends together again accompanying a group of settlers to some beautiful islands rumoured to lie across the western sea. Ulf's new settlement begins in harmony with the native islanders, led by King Engus. But one day, on a trip to a holy place of the Folk, a brutal murder occurs and that peace is shattered. It is now that Eyvind begins to feel the restraining ties of his boyhood oath, and to realize what sort of future Somerled had in mind for himself all those years ago. 'Juliet Marillier is a fine new fantasy writer' Anne McCaffrey An engrossing and enjoyable tale Starburst A powerful narrative...a truly rewarding experience SFX Magazine"
"Blade of Fortriu The Bridei Chronicles 2 by Juliet Marillier. The second book in the Bridei Chronicles, a tale of love, loyalty and betrayal, from the author of the Shadowfell and Sevenwaters series WINNER OF THE AUREALIS AWARD FOR BEST FANTASY NOVEL Skilled world building and characterization set Marillier's historical fantasy at the head of the pack. Publisher's Weekly US As the young king Bridei prepares to lead his forces in a major offensive against the Gaels, the princess Ana, a hostage at the court of Fortriu, is sent on a difficult journey north to make a strategic marriage with a chieftain she has never met. Her escort is led by a man she despises the enigmatic Faolan, Bridei's assassin and spy. Their ill fated expedition creates a reluctant bond between Faolan and Ana, which continues as they face unexpected perils at the chieftain Alpin's stronghold in the midst of mysterious Briar Wood. When Ana discovers a charismatic prisoner who seems bent on remaining within the bleakest of confinement, a conspiracy of silence meets her attempts to unravel the puzzle. As Bridei's forces move down the Glen, it is revealed to those left behind that the king of Fortriu is marching towards not only defeat, but certain death. There is only one messenger who can reach him in time. To employ such an ally will set brother against brother, and endanger what has become dearest to Ana's heart... Juliet Marillier is a fine fantasy writer. Anne McCaffrey Fans of Marion Zimmer Bradley, Isobelle Carmody and Robin Hobb will love Juliet Marillier."
"The Dark Mirror The Bridei Chronicles 1 by Juliet Marillier. The first book in the Bridei Chronicles, a tale of love, loyalty and betrayal, from the author of the Shadowfell and Sevenwaters series A glorious blend of early Scottish history, myths and mysteries Woman's Day Fans of historical fantasy will devour this one and wait eagerly for its sequels. VOYA When the child Bridei is sent to the kingdom of Fortriu to be raised by Broichan, a powerful druid, he knows only that he must be studious and obedient. Bridei applies himself to learning, unaware that a secret council of elders, including Broichan, has long been working on plans for the future of their divided homeland, and that Bridei himself is central to their strategy. When a baby girl is left on the doorstep one winter's night, Bridei thanks the gods for sending him a companion to share his lonely existence in the remote household. But Tuala's arrival spells a perilous complication to Broichan's master plan. As Bridei moves ever closer to his grand destiny, and as Tuala grows from fey child to beguiling young woman, powerful forces turn against the secret council enemies will stop at nothing to foil the druid's plan, even if they must endanger Bridei's life. Fans of Marion Zimmer Bradley, Isobelle Carmody and Robin Hobb will love Juliet Marillier."
"Child of the Prophecy Sevenwaters 3 by Juliet Marillier. Magic is fading... and the ways of Man are driving the Old Ones to the West, beyond the ken of humankind. The ancient groves are being destroyed, and if nothing is done, Ireland will lose its essential mystic core. The prophecies of long ago have foretold a way to prevent this horror, and it is the Sevenwaters clan that the spirits of Eire look to for salvation. They are a family bound into the lifeblood of the land, and their promise to preserve the magic has been the cause of great joy to them... as well as great sorrow. It is up to Fianne, daughter of Niamh, the lost sister of Sevenwaters, to solve the riddles of power. A shy child of a reclusive sorcerer, she finds that her way is hard She is the granddaughter of the wicked sorceress Oonagh, who has emerged from the shadows and seeks to destroy all that Sevenwaters has striven for. Oonagh will use Fianne most cruelly to accomplish her ends, and stops at nothing to see her will done. Will Fianne be strong enough to battle this evil and save those she has come to love?"
"Son of the Shadows Sevenwaters 2 by Juliet Marillier. Son of the Shadows is the sequel to Juliet Marillier's evocative first novel Daughter of the Forest. It continues the saga of beautiful Sorcha, the courageous young woman who risked all to save her family from a wicked curse and whose love shattered generations of hate and bridged two cultures. It is from her sacrifice that her brothers were brought home to Sevenwaters and her life has known much joy. But not all the brothers were able to escape the spell that transformed them into swans, and those who did were all more and less than they were before the change. It is left to Sorcha's daughter Liadan who will take up the tale that the Sevenwaters clan is destined to fulfill. Beloved child, dutiful daughter, she embarks on a journey that opens her eyes to the wonders of the world around her...and shows her just how hard won was the peace that she has known all her life. Liadan will need all of her courage to help save her family, for there are forces far darker than anyone chould have guessed and ancient powers conspiring to destroy this family's peace and their world. And she will need the strength to stand up to those she loves best, for in the finding of her own true love, Liadan's course may doom them all...or be their salvation. At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
"Wildwood Dancing Wildwood 1 by Juliet Marillier. High in the Transylvanian woods, at the castle Piscul Draculi, live five daughters and their doting father. It's an idyllic life for Jena, the second eldest, who spends her time exploring the mysterious forest with her constant companion, a most unusual frog. But best by far is the castle's hidden portal, known only to the sisters. Every Full Moon, they alone can pass through it into the enchanted world of the Other Kingdom. There they dance through the night with the fey creatures of this magical realm. But their peace is shattered when Father falls ill and must go to the southern parts to recover, for that is when cousin Cezar arrives. Though he's there to help the girls survive the brutal winter, Jena suspects he has darker motives in store. Meanwhile, Jena's sister has fallen in love with a dangerous creature of the Other Kingdom an impossible union it's up to Jena to stop. When Cezar's grip of power begins to tighten, at stake is everything Jena loves her home, her family, and the Other Kingdom she has come to cherish. To save her world, Jena will be tested in ways she can't imagine tests of trust, strength, and true love."
"Foxmask Saga of the Light Isles 2 by Juliet Marillier. Foxmask is the second book of a fantasy duet from Juliet Marillier, weaving history and folklore into a saga of adventure, romance, and magic. The Norseman Eyvind, a fierce and loyal Wolfskin, came to a new land on top of the world to find his destiny. With his priestess bride Nessa he saved the land and weathered the treachery that was caused by Eyvind's blood sworn friend Somerled. After much pain and sorrow the two lovers have managed to create a society where the Norse warriors and the gentle folks of the Orkney Isles live and thrive in contentment at last. A decade and more has passed since the devastating events of the creation of the settlement and Eyvind and Nessa have watched their children grow and thrive in peace. But not all on the islands are content or at peace. Thorvald, the young son of Margaret, widow of the slain king and Eyvind's war leader, has always felt apart and at odds with all he knows. He learns upon his coming to manhood that he is not his father's son but that of the love that Margaret bore for the hated Somerled and that Somerled was not killed for his treachery but sent on a boat, adrift with little more than a knife and skein of water, doomed to the god's will. Thorvald is determined to find a boat and cast off to the West in a desperate bid to find a father he never knew...and to find out if he is made of the same stuff as the heinous traitor. The tragedy of this scheme would be horrific enough...if it were not for the fact that Creidhe, the winsome daughter of Eyvind and Nessa has loved Thorvald since birth and unbeknownst to him conspires to go along on this most perilous of quests. What happens to them on their journey of discovery will ultimately change the lives of all they know and love...and will doom or redeem an entire people. At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
The Noonday Demon An Atlas of Depression by Andrew Solomon. No description available
The Noonday Demon An Anatomy of Depression by Andrew Solomon. No description available
My Secret A PostSecret Book by Frank Warren. No description available
The Secret Lives of Men and Women A PostSecret Book by Frank Warren. No description available
The Secret Life of Houdini The Making of America's First Superhero by William Kalush Larry Sloman. No description available
The Golden Key by Melanie Rawn Kate Elliott Jennifer Roberson. No description available
"The Case Of The Golden Key Jigsaw Jones Mystery 19 by James Preller Jamie Smith. Featuring friendship, school, family, and a diverse community, these early illustrated chapter book Jigsaw Jones Mysteries from James Preller have it all. When a new kid moves into town, he brings with him a mystery as big as his house! Reggie Armitage the III has found a box with a list of codes and a golden skeleton key but he has no idea what the key opens or how to crack the code. It's a good thing 2nd grade sleuths, Jigsaw Jones and Mila Yeh, are investigating The Case of the Golden Key. James Preller's wry, witty, Jigsaw Jones books are once again available to inspire the next generation of young readers, featuring both new titles and classroom classics!"
"Mandie and the Jumping Juniper Mandie 18 by Lois Gladys Leppard. Mandie enthusiasts and new Mandie fans will love Volume Four of the Mandie Collection, as readers travel with Mandie, her friends, and her grandmother through Europe. Mystery and adventure await them at every stop, including a burglary at the Catacombs in Rome in Mandie and the Silent Catacombs and an ancient juniper tree that is said to mysteriously jump at a castle in Germany in Mandie and the Jumping Juniper. This volume also includes Mandie and the Singing Chalet, Mandie and the Mysterious Fisherman, and Mandie and the Windmill's Message."
Wise Child by Monica Furlong. No description available
The Boys of the Archangel Raphael A Youth Confraternity in Florence 1411 1785 by Konrad Eisenbichler. No description available
King Solomon's Ring by Konrad Lorenz Marjorie Kerr Wilson. No description available
"The Konrad Saga Konrad 1 3 by David S. Garnett David Ferring. 2011 Governor General's Literary Awards Finalist Children's Literature Text Victor Frankenstein leads a charmed life. He and his twin brother, Konrad, and their beautiful cousin Elizabeth take lessons at home and spend their spare time fencing and horseback riding. Along with their friend Henry, they have explored all the hidden passageways and secret rooms of the palatial Frankenstein chateau. Except one. The Dark Library contains ancient tomes written in strange languages and filled with forbidden knowledge. Their father makes them promise never to visit the library, but when Konrad becomes deathly ill, Victor knows he must find the book that contains the recipe for the legendary Elixir of Life. The elixir needs only three ingredients. But impossible odds, dangerous alchemy and a bitter love triangle threaten their quest at every turn. Victor knows he must not fail. Yet his success depends on how far he is willing to push the boundaries of nature, science and love and how much he is willing to sacrifice."
"Aerie Dragon Jousters 4 by Mercedes Lackey. Kiron has secretly gathered an army of dragon riders to seek refuge in the abandoned desert city they have named Sanctuary, where they join with other dragon riders to rid their world of both war and magical domination. But now it is time to build a new society in Aerie an ancient city that seems to have been designed for dragon riders and their dragons."
Sanctuary Dragon Jousters 3 by Mercedes Lackey. Kiron discovers that the world of Alta has a dark side when he attempts to enter into Altan noble society and exposes a plot orchestrated by the Magi to take over Alta with a powerful weapon called the Eye of Light.
"Fortune's Fool Five Hundred Kingdoms 3 by Mercedes Lackey. NEW YORK TIMES bestselling author Mercedes Lackey continues to sparkle in a world with fractured fairytales. There are Happily Ever Afters with some twists and turns along the way! FORTUNE'S FOOL Though she's the seventh daughter of the Sea King, Ekaterina is better at being the family spy than a pampered princess. Her latest assignment matches her up with Sasha, the seventh son of a neighboring Kingdom. Known as a Fool, he's equally able to slip under the radar. But when Ekaterina is kidnapped by a possessive Jinn, she's got to get a little bit of help from fortune, a fool and a paper bird before taking down her captor! THE SNOW QUEEN She has a heart of ice and isn't afraid to let everyone know it. But Aleksia, Queen of the Northern Lights, isn't evil. At least, not before an imposter starts using her name and powers for selfish ends. Teaming up with a mother searching for her son, and a girl searching for her lover, Aleksia will do whatever she has to in order to reclaim her good name ."
"The Fairy Godmother Five Hundred Kingdoms 1 by Mercedes Lackey. She'll keep you up long past your bedtime. 1 New York Times bestselling author Stephen King The prolific Lackey the Valdemar series draws on the darker, Brothers Grimm side of fairy lore for her enchanting tale Publisher's Weekly In the land of the Five Hundred Kingdoms, if you can't carry out your legendary role, life is no fairy tale . THE FAIRY GODMOTHER Elena Klovis was supposed to be her kingdom's Cinderella until fate left her with a completely inappropriate prince! So she set out to make a new life for herself. But breaking with The Tradition was no easy matter until she got a little help from her own fairy godmother. Who promptly offered Elena a most unexpected job . Now, instead of sleeping in the chimney, she has to deal with arrogant, stuffed shirt princes who keep trying to rise above their place in the tale. And there's one in particular who needs to be dealt with . Sometimes a fairy godmother's work is never done . Book 1 of Five Hundred Kingdoms. ONE GOOD KNIGHT When a dragon storms the castle, what should a virgin princess do? Why, turn to her studies, of course! But nothing practical minded Princess Andromeda of Acadia finds gives a definitive solution. The only Traditional answer, though, is soothing the marauding dragon by a virgin sacrifice. Things are going fairly smoothly with the lottery except for the women chosen, of course until Princess Andromeda herself is picked! But facing down the dragon doesn't go quite as planned, and now, with the help of her Champion, Sir George, Andromeda searches for the dragon's lair. But even especially in the Five Hundred Kingdoms, bucking Tradition isn't easy. It takes the strongest of wills, knowledge, quick wits and a refusal to give up, no matter what happens along the way . Book 2 of Five Hundred Kingdoms."
"The Wizard of London Elemental Masters 4 by Mercedes Lackey. The fourth novel in Mercedes Lackey's magical Elemental Masters series reimagines the fairy tale The Snow Queen in a richly detailed alternate Victorian England The letter that introduced twelve year old Sarah Jane Lyon White to Isabelle Harton, who ran the Harton School in central London, seemed quite simple and straightforward. But it was what was not written in the letter that resonated to Isabelle s own finely tuned extra senses Sarah has gifts we cannot train, the letter whispered to her, nor can anyone we know. Those we trust tell us that you can . And it was true, for the Harton School was far from ordinary. It was Isabelle s job to train children who possessed the odd types of magic that could not be trained by London s powerful Elemental Masters clairvoyants, telepaths, those with the ability to sense hidden danger, the vision to see into the past, and even that rarest of all talents the ability to see and communicate with the dead. But Isabelle was uneasy, for though she knew that Sarah Jane had a touch of telepathy, there seemed to be something else about the girl something that had not yet manifested. And Isabelle was right to be worried, for as soon as Sarah s full talents became evident, there was an attempt made on her life. For Sarah was that rarest of magicians a true medium, and for some reason, a powerful Elemental Master wanted her dead. Isabelle knew that to protect her ward she would have to seek help from the Elemental Masters of the city. That meant she would also see Lord David Alderscroft, the man she had once loved, but who had inexplicably chilled toward her and broken her heart long ago for he was the leader of the city s Elemental Masters, the man who was now called the Wizard of London."
By Slanderous Tongues Doubled Edge 3 by Mercedes Lackey Roberta Gellis. Two award winning and bestselling novelists and authors of This Scepter'd Isle collaborate once again for another enticing new fantasy set in pre Elizabethan England.
"Arrows of the Queen Heralds of Valdemar 1 by Mercedes Lackey. Follows the adventures of Talia as she trains to become a Herald of Valdemar in the first book in the classic epic fantasy Arrows trilogy Chosen by the Companion Rolan, a mystical horse like being with powers beyond imagining, Talia, once a runaway, has now become a trainee Herald, destined to become one of the Queen s own elite guard. For Talia has certain awakening talents of the mind that only a Companion like Rolan can truly sense. But as Talia struggles to master her unique abilities, time is running out. For conspiracy is brewing in Valdemar, a deadly treason that could destroy Queen and kingdom. Opposed by unknown enemies capable of both diabolical magic and treacherous assassination, the Queen must turn to Talia and the Heralds for aid in protecting the realm and insuring the future of the Queen s heir, a child already in danger of becoming bespelled by the Queen s own foes."
"Phoenix and Ashes Elemental Masters 3 by Mercedes Lackey. Mercedes Lackey's magical Elemental Masters series recasts familiar fairy tales in a richly imagined alternate Victorian world Eleanor Robinson s life had shattered when Father volunteered for the Great War, leaving her alone with a woman he had just married. Then the letter came that told of her father s death in the trenches and though Eleanor thought things couldn t get any worse, her life took an even more bizarre turn. Dragged to the hearth by her stepmother Alison, Eleanor was forced to endure a painful and frightening ritual during which the smallest finger of her left hand was severed and buried beneath a hearthstone. For her stepmother was an Elemental Master of Earth who practiced the darker blood fueled arts. Alison had bound Eleanor to the hearth with a spell that prevented her from leaving home, caused her to fade from people s memories, and made her into a virtual slave. Months faded into years for Eleanor, and still the war raged. There were times she felt she was losing her mind times she seemed to see faces in the hearth fire. Reginald Fenyx was a pilot. He lived to fly, and whenever he returned home on break from Oxford, the youngsters of the town would turn out to see him lift his aeroplane a frail ship of canvas and sticks into the sky and soar through the clouds. During the war, Reggie had become an acclaimed air ace, for he was an Elemental Master of Air. His Air Elementals had protected him until the fateful day when he had met another of his kind aloft, and nearly died. When he returned home, Reggie was a broken man plagued by shell shock, his Elemental powers vanished. Eleanor and Reginald were two souls scourged by war and evil magic. Could they find the strength to help one another rise from the ashes of their destruction?"
"Crossroads and Other Tales of Valdemar Tales of Valdemar 3 by Mercedes Lackey Rosemary Edghill Sarah A. Hoyt Tanya Huff Fiona Patton Janni Lee Simner Mickey Zucker Reichert Judith Tarr Larry Dixon Michael Z. Williamson Nancy Asire Richard Lee Byers Brenda Cooper Stephanie D. Shaver Kate Paulk Michael Longcor Ben Ohlander. An original short fiction anthology set in Mercedes Lackey's bestselling world of Valdemar featuring heroic Heralds and their horselike companions and including an all new novella by Lackey herself, as well as stories by masters such as Mickey Zucker Reichert, Judith Tarr, Tanya Huff, and others."
"Storm Warning Valdemar Mage Storms 1 by Mercedes Lackey. With her phenomenal Mage Winds trilogy, bestselling author Mercedes Lackey captivated fans across the country. Now in the first volume of the series sequel, she continues the same storyline, returning readers to a war torn Valdemar in preparation to confront an ancient Eastern Empire ruled by a monarch whose magical tactics by be beyond any sorcery known to the western kingdoms."
"This Rough Magic Heirs of Alexandria 2 by Mercedes Lackey Eric Flint Dave Freer. The Demon Chernobog Foiled but Not Conquered in The Shadow of the Lion is Back to Conquer Sixteenth Century Venice! Chernobog had come within a hair of seizing absolute power in Venice, but was thwarted by the guardian Lion spirit, who awoke to protect his city from the power mad demon. But the power of the Lion is limited to Venice, and Chernobog has a new ally in the King of Hungary, who has beseiged the island of Corfu to seize control of the Adriatic from Venice. Trapped on the island is the small band of heroes who awoke the Lion and thwarted Chernobog before. Far from the Lion's help, Manfred and Erik lead guerrillas against the foe, and Maria discovers ancient magical powers on the island. If she can make alliance with them, she may be able to repel the invaders but not without paying a bitter personal price. . . . At the publisher's request, this title is sold without DRM Digital Rights Management . Praise for the Prequel, The Shadow of the Lion The prolific Lackey and cohorts Flint and Freer whip up a luscious bouillabaisse of politics, intrigue, love and black magic set in an Other worldly, New Age Venice. . . . The authors' use of contemporary American vernacular . . . instead of pompous period speech keeps the pages turning fast. . . . Publishers Weekly A massive concoction of alternate history, high fantasy, and historical romance set in the sixteenth century Venice of an alternate world . . . rich plotting, vivid characterization, and splendid evocation of Renaissance ethics and culture should make readers turn all the pages. Booklist . . . a sweeping alternate history. .. .The authors deftly wield the juxtaposition of fantasy and history into a finely crafted story. Romantic Times A top pick . . . fast paced action and complex, believable settings. The Bookwatch"
"Joust Dragon Jousters 1 by Mercedes Lackey. National best selling fantasy author Mercedes Lackey creates a vivid, dynamic fusion of the cultures of ancient Egypt and legendary Atlantis with the most exciting and believable portrayal of dragons ever imagined. The first book in this thrilling new series introduces us to a young slave who dreams of becoming a jouster one of the few warriors who can actually ride a flying dragon. And so, in secret, he begins to raise his own dragon..."
"Winds of Fury Valdemar Mage Winds 3 by Mercedes Lackey. Book Three of The Mage Winds trilogy. No longer the willful novice of Winds of Fate, Princess Herald Elspeth has completed her magical training. She returns to her homeland with her beloved partner Darkwind. Will they be strong enough to confront the magical evil that is threatening their land?"
"Winds of Fate Valdemar Mage Winds 1 by Mercedes Lackey. In The Mage Winds trilogy, which began with the best selling novel, Winds of Fate, author Mercedes Lackey continues the epic that started with her first published book, Arrows of the Queen introduced readers to the remarkable land of Valdemar, the kingdom protected by its Heralds men and women gifted with extraordinary mind powers aided and served by their mysterious Companions horselike beings who know the many secrets of Valdemar's magical heritage. None but the Companions remember the long ago age when high magic was lost to Valdemar as the last Herald Mage gave his life to protect his kingdom from destruction by dark sorceries. But now the protective barrier set so long ago over Valdemar is crumbling, and with the realm imperiled by the dark magic of Ancar of Hardorn, Princess Elspeth, Herald and heir to the throne, has gone on a desperate quest in search of a mentor who can teach her to wield her fledgling mage powers and help her to defend her threatened kingdom."
"Alta Dragon Jousters 2 by Mercedes Lackey. In the second novel in national best selling legend Mercedes Lackey's richly conceived new Joust series, the dragonrider Vetch escapes to Alta, the subjugated land of his birth. There, he hopes to teach his people to raise and train dragons and build an army that will liberate his homeland."
"The Serpent's Shadow Elemental Masters 1 by Mercedes Lackey. This is the new novel in Mercedes Lackey's series set in an alternative Edwardian Britain, where magic is real, and elemental masters are in control."
"Storm Rising Valdemar Mage Storms 2 by Mercedes Lackey. In Storm Rising, mysterious mage storms are wreaking havoc on Valdemar, Karse, and all the kingdoms of the West, plaguing these lands not only with disastrous earthquakes, monsoons, and ice storms, but also with venomous magical constructs terrifying creatures out of nightmare. Both Valdemar's Heralds and Karse's Sunpriests struggle to marshal their combined magical resources to protect their realms from these devastating, spell fueled onslaughts. But as the situation becomes bleaker and bleaker, the still fragile alliance between these long hostile lands begins to fray. And unless Valdemar and Karse can locate and destroy the creator of the storms, they may see their entire world demolished in a final magical holocaust."
"Exile's Valor Heralds of Valdemar 7 by Mercedes Lackey. This stand alone novel in the Valdemar series continues the story of prickly weapons master Alberich. Once a heroic Captain in the army of Karse, a kingdom at war with Valdemar, Alberich becomes one of Valdemar's Heralds. Despite prejudice against him, he becomes the personal protector of young Queen Selenay. But can he protect her from the dangers of her own heart?"
"Sword of Ice and Other Tales of Valdemar Tales of Valdemar 1 by Mercedes Lackey Tanya Huff Mickey Zucker Reichert Michelle Sagara West Gary A. Braunbeck John Helfers Elisabeth Waters Lawrence Schimel Mark Shepherd Janni Lee Simner Richard Lee Byers Josepha Sherman Larry Dixon John Yezeguielian Mel White Stephanie D. Shaver Kristin Schwengel Ben Ohlander Philip M. Austin. Mickey Zucker Reichert, Tanya Huff, Michelle Sagara, and others present eighteen original tales set in the popular fantasy universe of Valdemar, home of the Heralds and their mysterious horse like Companions."
The River's Gift by Mercedes Lackey. No description available
Jinx High Diana Tregarde 3 by Mercedes Lackey. No description available
"Owlknight Owl Mage Trilogy 3 by Mercedes Lackey Larry Dixon. Following on from OWLFLIGHT and OWLSIGHT, Our Hero Darian has just passed the tests to become Master Mage of the Vale. He's been made a Knight of Valdemar and a Clanbrother. But a new Herald Mage is arriving in k'Valdemar, and he's bringing with him his new prot g Shandi, the Healer's sister, who has won her Whites in less than three years and is back looking for adventure . . . The OWLFLIGHT saga is set in the same wonderfully imagined fantasy world as Lackey's previous trilogies and is a story of 'local boy and girl make good against all odds'. The books are packed full of magic, talking horses, hawks, gryphons, lizards and other mythical races, with strong characterisation and a plot that really moves along. Like the previous books, this is lavishly illustrated with Larry Dixon's evocative character portraits."
"Bedlam's Edge Bedlam's Bard 8 by Mercedes Lackey Rosemary Edghill. A compilation of urban fantasy tales by some of the genre's leading practitioners features works by Roberta Gellis, Dave Freer and Eric Flint, Diana Paxson, Mercedes Lackey, and Rosemary Edghill."
"Owlflight Owl Mage Trilogy 1 by Mercedes Lackey Larry Dixon. Apprenticed to a venerable wizard when his hunter and trapper parents disappear into the forest never to be seen again, Darian is difficult and strong willed much to the dismay of his kindly master. But a sudden twist of fate will change his life forever, when the ransacking of his village forces him to flee into the great mystical forest. It is here in the dark forest that he meets his destiny, as the terrifying and mysterious Hawkpeople lead him on the path to maturity. Now they must lead the assault on his besieged home in a desperate attempt to save his people from certain death!"
Children of the Night Diana Tregarde 2 by Mercedes Lackey. A beautiful witch teams up with a sexy vampire to battle an evil soul sucker with a rock soundtrack!
Winter Moon Walker Papers 1.5 by Mercedes Lackey Tanith Lee C.E. Murphy. Journal. Diary. Notebook. Blank lined paper. 120 pages.
"Arrow's Fall Heralds of Valdemar 3 by Mercedes Lackey. For use in schools and libraries only. Talia, Herald to the Queen of Valdemar, travels to a neighboring realm to investigate a prince's proposal to marry the Queen's heir, but discovers an evil plot to destroy Valdemar."
Difficult Conversations How to Discuss What Matters Most by Bruce Patton Douglas Stone Sheila Heen. No description available
The Scarlet Gang of Asakusa by Yasunari Kawabata Alisa Freedman. No description available
Beauty and Sadness by Yasunari Kawabata Howard Hibbett. No description available
The Dancing Girl of Izu and Other Stories by Yasunari Kawabata J. Martin Holman. No description available
Palm of the Hand Stories by Yasunari Kawabata Lane Dunlop J. Martin Holman. No description available
House of the Sleeping Beauties and Other Stories by Yasunari Kawabata Edward G. Seidensticker Yukio Mishima. No description available
First Snow on Fuji by Yasunari Kawabata Michael Emmerich. No description available
Romanee Conti The World's Most Fabled Wine by Richard Olney. No description available
As I Crossed a Bridge of Dreams Recollections of a Woman in Eleventh Century Japan by Lady Sarashina Ivan Morris. No description available
The Time Traveler's Wife by Audrey Niffenegger. No description available
"The Part Time Wife The Secret Lives of Society Wives 6 by Maureen Child. At some point during the time Luke Talbot arrived late at the high society soiree, then hurried her home for safeguarding, Abby realized her husband truly was living a double life. His secrets, however necessary, tore at her insecurities. How could she have married this man, slept in his arms, given him her heart never knowing who he truly was? His lies left her no choice. She filed for divorce. And discovered that Luke wasn't about to let her go without a fight."
"Part Time Wife Hometown Heartbreakers 4 by Susan Mallery. Sparks fly between a handsome single father and his new nanny in this fan favorite love story from New York Times bestselling author Susan Mallery! Rugged police officer Craig Haynes comes from a long line of heartbreakers. But he s hoping to change that especially when it comes to Jill Bradford, his sons new nanny. Two parts sweetness, one part sin, the pint sized redhead proves to be a miracle worker with his three rambunctious boys. Except Jill Bradford isn t looking to open her wary heart to anyone. Will the Haynes family turn out to be what s she been looking for all along? Originally published in 1996"
The Little Friend by Donna Tartt. No description available
The Littles and Their Amazing New Friend by John Lawrence Peterson. No description available
"Little House Friends Little House Chapter Books Laura 9 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Ren e Graef. Laura takes time out from school and farm work to celebrate! From a lively dance at Grandpa's to a birthday celebration in town, Laura has the best of times with good friends and her loving pioneer family. Little House Chapter Books are the perfect way to introduce beginning readers to the world of Little House."
The Legend of the Poinsettia by Tomie dePaola. No description available
I Am Legend by Richard Matheson. No description available
"Throne of Jade Temeraire 2 by Naomi Novik. In the second novel of the New York Times bestselling Temeraire series, the Napoleonic Wars take Captain Will Laurence and his dragon to China on a perilous mission. Full of wonderful characters with real heart. Peter Jackson When Britain intercepted a French ship and its precious cargo an unhatched dragon's egg Captain Will Laurence of HMS Reliant unexpectedly became master and commander of the noble dragon he named Temeraire. As new recruits in Britain s Aerial Corps, man and dragon soon proved their mettle in daring combat against Napoleon Bonaparte s invading forces. Now China has discovered that its rare gift, intended for Napoleon, has fallen into British hands and an angry Chinese delegation vows to reclaim the remarkable beast. A reluctant Laurence has no choice but to take Temeraire back to China a long voyage fraught with peril, intrigue, and the untold terrors of the deep. Yet once the pair reaches the court of the Chinese emperor, even more shocking discoveries and darker dangers await. Readers with a penchant for both Patrick O Brian and Anne McCaffrey may have found their perfect match. Naomi Novik beautifully renders an 1800s Europe in which naval buffs and dragon lovers will be keen to immerse themselves. Alan Dean Foster, author of the Pip Flinx series Don t miss any of Naomi Novik s magical Temeraire series HIS MAJESTY S DRAGON THRONE OF JADE BLACK POWDER WAR EMPIRE OF IVORY VICTORY OF EAGLES TONGUES OF SERPENTS CRUCIBLE OF GOLD BLOOD OF TYRANTS LEAGUE OF DRAGONS"
Thrones Dominations by Dorothy L. Sayers Jill Paton Walsh. No description available
A Throne in Brussels Britain the Saxe Coburgs and the Belgianisation of Europe by Paul Belien. No description available
Utena Revolutionary Girl 01 by Chiho Saito. No description available
Malgudi Days by R.K. Narayan Jhumpa Lahiri. No description available
The Magic Barrel by Bernard Malamud Jhumpa Lahiri. No description available
O Xar by Jhumpa Lahiri. No description available
Pr tear Vol. 4 Pr tear 4 by Junichi Sat Kaori Naruse. No description available
Pr tear Vol. 3 Pr tear 3 by Junichi Sat Kaori Naruse. No description available
Pr tear Vol. 2 Pr tear 2 by Junichi Sat Kaori Naruse. No description available
Zinn the Art of Road Bike Maintenance by Lennard Zinn Todd Telander. No description available
A Power Governments Cannot Suppress by Howard Zinn. No description available
Wherever You Go There You Are Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life by Jon Kabat Zinn. No description available
Mindfulness for Beginners by Jon Kabat Zinn. No description available
Grammar Snobs Are Great Big Meanies A Guide to Language for Fun and Spite by June Casagrande. No description available
"Death of a Snob Hamish Macbeth 6 by M.C. Beaton. Pure bliss. Atlanta Journal Constitution A Hamish Macbeth Mystery by the author of Death of a Hussy. With a cold in his head and no place to go for Christmas, Hamish snaps up the invitation of drop dead gorgeous Jane Wetherby to spend the holiday at her Scottish island health farm and figure out who is trying to kill her. When Hamish arrives on the island of Eileencraig, he finds threatening locals and fellow guests barely more civil, especially a terrible snob named Heather Todd. It seems like everyone on the island has a grudge against Jane. How to choose among so many suspects? But then one suspect is eliminated. Heather Todd is murdered. And suddenly Hamish's Christmas is looking very black indeed . . ."
Beauty is the Beast Vol. 4 by Tomo Matsumoto Tomo Kimura. No description available
Beauty and the Beast by Max Eilenberg Angela Barrett. No description available
Disney's Beauty and the Beast A Little Golden Book by Teddy Slater Ron Dias Ric Gonz lez. No description available
Mao II by Don DeLillo Marianne V ron. No description available
White Noise Text and Criticism by Don DeLillo Mark Osteen. No description available
The Art of Loving by Erich Fromm Peter D. Kramer Rainer Funk. No description available
The Art of Loving by Eiki Eiki Sashiko Sato Bambi Eloriaga. No description available
Inattentional Blindness by Arien Mack Irvin Rock. No description available
Touching the Rock An Experience of Blindness by John M. Hull Oliver Sacks. No description available
Blindness and Insight Essays in the Rhetoric of Contemporary Criticism by Paul De Man Wlad Godzich. No description available
Yiddish with Dick and Jane by Ellis Weiner Barbara Davilman Gabi Payn. No description available
A Treasury of Dick and Jane and Friends Dick and Jane by Pearson Scott Foresman William S. Gray. No description available
The Complete Dick Tracy Volume 1 1931 1933 by Chester Gould Ashley Wood Max Allan Collins. No description available
Do Androids Dream Of Electric Sheep? by Philip K. Dick. No description available
Four Novels of the 1960s The Man in the High Castle The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? Ubik by Philip K. Dick Jonathan Lethem. No description available
The Philip K. Dick Reader by Philip K. Dick. No description available
The Shifting Realities of Philip K. Dick by Philip K. Dick Lawrence Sutin. No description available
The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick 3 Second Variety by Philip K. Dick John Brunner. No description available
The Minority Report Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick by Philip K. Dick. No description available
A Man's Protection by Jayne Castle Jayne Ann Krentz. No description available
Jonathan Strange y el se or Norrell by Susanna Clarke Ana Mar a de la Fuente. No description available
Hunger by Lan Samantha Chang. No description available
The Diezmo by Rick Bass. No description available
Colter The True Story of the Best Dog I Ever Had by Rick Bass. No description available
The Hermit's Story by Rick Bass. From the author of Colter and Where the Sea Used to Be comes a new and diverse collection of short stories.
Gould's Book of Fish A Novel in Twelve Fish by Richard Flanagan. No description available
The Liars' Club by Mary Karr. No description available
"The Pretender Liar's Club 1 by Celeste Bradley. Rule 1 Never fall in love. Celeste Bradley captivated critics and readers alike with her unforgettable novel Fallen, which was nominated for the prestigious RITA Award from Romance Writers of America for Best First Book. Now, she brings us The Lover, the first book in the wildly fun, exciting, and sexy new Liar's Club series both featuring irresistible heroes who are out to steal their leading ladies hearts! She had a secret she'd do anything to hide. Agatha Cunnington, a headstrong beauty from the country, has come to London in search of her missing brother James. The only clue she has is a cryptic letter signed The Griffin. Agatha decides to disguise herself as a respectable married woman so that she can go about the city unnoticed. But for her charade to work she needs a suitable husband, preferably someone tall, elegant, and rakish someone like Simon Montague Rain. He had a secret he'd do anything to hide. Simon Montague Rain, also known as The Magician, is a member of The Liar's Club, a renegade group of rogues and thieves in the service of the Crown. When someone begins murdering members of the undercover cabal one by one, Simon is given the mission to bring in The Griffin, one of his comrades who is suspected of betraying his brothers. Simon goes undercover and infiltrates the home of Mrs. Agatha Applequist who he believes is the Griffin's mistress. Before Simon knows what's happened, he finds himself irresistibly drawn to Agatha's soft, feminine charms and he is tempted beyond reason to break the first rule of The Liar's Club never fall in love."
The Impostor Liar's Club 2 by Celeste Bradley. No description available
"Small Wonder by Barbara Kingsolver. In twenty two wonderfully articulate essays, Barbara Kingsolver raises her voice in praise of nature, family, literature, and the joys of everyday life while examining the genesis of war, violence, and poverty in our world From the author of High Tide in Tucson, comes Small Wonder, a new collection of essays that begins with a parable gleaned from recent news villagers search for a missing infant boy and find him, unharmed, in the cave of a dangerous bear that has mothered him like one of her own. Clearly, our understanding of evil needs to be revised. What we fear most can save us. From this tale, Barbara Kingsolver goes on to consider the chasm between the privileged and the poor, which she sees as the root cause of violence and war in our time. She writes about her attachment to the land, to nature and wilderness, trees and mountains the place from which she tells her stories. Whether worrying about the dangers of genetically engineered food crops, or creating opportunities for children to feel useful and competent like growing food for the family s table Kingsolver looks for small wonders, where they grow, and celebrates them."
Prodigal Summer by Barbara Kingsolver. No description available
English Passengers by Matthew Kneale. No description available
Independent People by Halld r Laxness James Anderson Thompson. No description available
World Light by Halld r Laxness Magnus Magnusson. No description available
Under the Glacier by Halld r Laxness Magnus Magnusson. No description available
Paradise Reclaimed by Halld r Laxness Magnus Magnusson Jane Smiley. No description available
Iceland's Bell by Halld r Laxness Philip Roughton Adam Haslett. No description available
The Atom Station by Halld r Laxness Magnus Magnusson. No description available
Island Collected Stories by Alistair MacLeod. No description available
Carried Away A Personal Selection of Stories by Alice Munro Margaret Atwood. No description available
Selected Stories by Alice Munro. No description available
Runaway by Alice Munro. No description available
Something I've Been Meaning to Tell You 13 Stories by Alice Munro. No description available
The Beggar Maid Stories of Flo and Rose by Alice Munro Susanna Basso. No description available
Lives of Girls and Women by Alice Munro. No description available
Open Secrets by Alice Munro. No description available
Coin Locker Babies by Ry Murakami Stephen Snyder. No description available
Pastoralia by George Saunders. No description available
Good Faith by Jane Smiley. No description available
The Greenlanders by Jane Smiley. No description available
El cazador de aut grafos by Zadie Smith. No description available
Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy Constance Garnett. No description available
Chronicles Volume One by Bob Dylan. No description available
The Essential Interviews by Bob Dylan Jonathan Cott. No description available
The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia by Michael Gray. No description available
Going Native by Stephen Wright. No description available
Stranger In A Strange Land by Robert A. Heinlein. No description available
Rain of Gold by Victor Villase or. No description available
The Pearl The Red Pony by John Steinbeck. No description available
A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare Stephen Orgel A.R. Braunmuller Russ McDonald. No description available
"A Ring of Endless Light Austin Family 4 by Madeleine L'Engle. During the summer her grandfather is dying of leukemia and death seems all around, 15 year old Vicky finds comfort with the pod of dolphins with which she has been doing research. Copyright Libri GmbH. All rights reserved."
Bless Me Ultima by Rudolfo Anaya. No description available
Island of the Blue Dolphins by Scott O'Dell Tantoo Cardinal. No description available
A Reading Guide to Island of the Blue Dolphins by Patricia McHugh. No description available
Einstein's Dreams by Alan Lightman. No description available
Sweet Dreams Mimi Baby Einstein by Julie Aigner Clark Nadeem Zaidi. No description available
"A Hunger Like No Other Immortals After Dark 1 by Kresley Cole. For fans of Ali Hazelwood s Bride and Ruby Dixon s Ice Planet Barbarians series, an innocent young vampire and a powerful werewolf king are drawn together by an unexpected soul bond in the electrifying start to Kresley Cole s New York Times bestselling Immortals After Dark series now with a stunning new cover. Half vampire, half Valkyrie, Emmaline spent her entire sheltered life hidden among the Lore in New Orleans surrounded by the loving, yet overbearing coven who raised her. All Emmaline Troy wanted was a trip to Paris to investigate her parents mysterious deaths there all those years ago. And to finally have a small adventure and perhaps even a first kiss. But one crowded city night, as she s making her way down a street, she s knocked off her feet by striking werewolf. He s towering, intimidating, and has an infuriatingly seductive Scottish brogue. And he won t let her go. The Lykae King, Lachlain MacRieve, has been imprisoned in the catacombs beneath Paris for over a 150 years by his sworn Vampire enemies, but the scent of his Fated Mate on the streets above gives him the strength to finally escape from his subterranean prison. Lachlain has waited for Her for centuries, and the last thing he expects is the bewitching vampire mix who seems to want only to escape his grasp. Yet he knows only she can soothe the fury within him and he s determined to make her his by the next full moon. As Lachlain convinces the hesitant but fiery Emma to accompany him to his ancestral home in Scotland, the pair will come up against ruthless creatures, ancient evil, and the irrevocable pull of Fate. Will their desire deepen into a love that can bring a warrior to his knees and turn Emma into the fighter she was born to be?"
"The Price of Pleasure Sutherland Brothers 2 by Kresley Cole. Kresley Cole returns with a breathtaking romantic saga of love, honor, and passion unbound as a man of duty faces his greatest trial, and a young castaway discovers her greatest desire.... A man noted for his courage and integrity, Captain Grant Sutherland journeys to Oceania to find Victoria Dearbourne, an English girl lost at sea a decade before. He's given her ailing grandfather his word as a gentleman to find and protect her. But one look at a grown Victoria and Grant has never felt less like one. Tori relishes freedom, untamed passion, and spontaneity above stifling order. Even more so when a proud, cold British captain arrives to rescue her, though she has no wish to be. As Grant tries to convince her to leave her island home, she begins to see in him a man hungering for more. A man who once laughed. A man who desires her but won't take what she offers. Grant struggles to control his own savage passions and fails, Tori must decide what she wants more her unfettered independence or the only man who could tame her wild heart...."
"If You Dare MacCarrick Brothers 1 by Kresley Cole. From 1 New York Times bestselling author Kresley Cole come three ebooks in her scorching historical romance series, the MacCarrick Brothers trilogy, now available as an e boxed set! Seductive Scottish heroes. Irresistible heroines. Sultry adventures from Paris, to the demimonde of London, to the misty north of Scotland. Cursed to walk with death, three brothers become the darkest of warriors a spy, a mercenary, and an assassin. They live on the periphery of society, without homes, families or expectations of anything more. But when each MacCarrick meets his fair lady, passions flare, as undeniable as the danger that surrounds them. Could each brother s lethal past be the key to securing his future?"
Organic Church Growing Faith Where Life Happens by Neil Cole Leonard Sweet. No description available
Chekhov's Doctors A Collection of Chekhov's Medical Tales Literature Medicine 5 by Anton Chekhov Jack Coulehan Robert Coles. No description available
The Story of Ruby Bridges by Robert Coles George Ford. No description available
The Complete Lyrics of Cole Porter by Cole Porter Robert Kimball John Updike. No description available
Barron's Book Notes Lord of the Flies by Michael Spring William Golding. No description available
The spire William Golding notes by Steve Eddy. No description available
The Inheritors by William Golding. No description available
The Pyramid by William Golding. No description available
President Nixon Alone in the White House by Richard Reeves. No description available
Awakenings by Oliver Sacks. No description available
"Kitty Goes to Washington Kitty Norville 2 by Carrie Vaughn. In this tantalizing sequel to Kitty and the Midnight Hour, celebrity werewolf and late night radio host Kitty Norville returns to take on dirty politicians in America's capital. Kitty Norville prefers to be heard and not seen. So when she's invited to testify at a Senate hearing on behalf of supernaturals, and her face gets plastered on national TV, she inherits a new set of friends. She also inherits a new set of enemies, including the vampire mistress of the city an ber hot Brazilian were jaguar and a Bible thumping senator who wants to expose Kitty as a monster. Kitty quickly learns that in this city of dirty politicians and backstabbing pundits, everyone's itching for a fight."
"Kitty and the Midnight Hour Kitty Norville 1 by Carrie Vaughn. In this action packed story of supernaturals, a werewolf talk show host for the supernaturally disadvantaged has bitten off way more than she can chew. Kitty Norville is a midnight shift DJ for a Denver radio station. She's also a closeted werewolf. Her new late night advice show for the supernaturally disadvantaged is a raging success, but it's Kitty who can use some help. With a sexy werewolf hunter on her tail and a few homicidal undead following her every move Kitty's about to face the fight of her life."
Not Since Carrie Forty Years of Broadway Musical Flops by Ken Mandelbaum. No description available
"Kitty Takes a Holiday Kitty Norville 3 by Carrie Vaughn. After getting caught turning wolf on national television, Kitty retreats to a mountain cabin to recover and write her memoirs. But this is Kitty, so trouble is never far behind, and instead of Walden Pond, she gets Evil Dead. When werewolf hunter Cormac shows up with an injured Ben O'Farrell, Kitty's lawyer, slung over his shoulder, and a wolf like creature with glowing red eyes starts sniffing around the cabin, Kitty wonders if any of them will get out of these woods alive..."
The Best Short Stories of O. Henry by O. Henry Bennett Cerf Van H. Cartmell. No description available
Amelia Bedelia 50th Anniversary Library Amelia Bedelia Amelia Bedelia and the Surprise Shower and Play Ball Amelia Bedelia by Peggy Parish Various. No description available
Merry Christmas Amelia Bedelia by Peggy Parish Lynn Sweat. No description available
Amelia Bedelia Goes Camping by Peggy Parish Lynn Sweat. No description available
Amelia Bedelia and the Baby Amelia Bedelia by Peggy Parish Lynn Sweat. No description available
Teach Us Amelia Bedelia by Peggy Parish Lynn Sweat. No description available
Amelia Bedelia Helps Out by Peggy Parish Lynn Sweat. No description available
Directing the Documentary by Michael Rabiger. No description available
Introduction to Documentary by Bill Nichols. No description available
30 Film School How to Write Direct Produce Shoot Edit Distribute Tour With and Sell Your Own No Budget Digital Movie by Michael W. Dean. No description available
Salonica City of Ghosts Christians Muslims and Jews 1430 1950 by Mark Mazower. No description available
Farewell to Salonica City at the Crossroads by Leon Sciaky Peter Sciaky. No description available
The Mind Parasites by Colin Wilson. No description available
"Neverwhere London Below 1 by Neil Gaiman. Richard Mayhew is a plain man with a good heart and an ordinary life that is changed forever on a day he stops to help a girl he finds bleeding on a London sidewalk. From that moment forward he is propelled into a world he never dreamed existed a dark subculture flourish in abandoned subway stations and sewer tunnels below the city a world far stranger and more dangerous than the only one he has ever known...Richard Mayhew is a young businessman with a good heart and a dull job. When he stops one day to help a girl he finds bleeding on a London sidewalk, his life is forever altered, for he finds himself propelled into an alternate reality that exists in a subterranean labyrinth of sewer canals and abandoned subway stations below the city. He has fallen through the cracks of reality and has landed somewhere different, somewhere that is Neverwhere."
Neil Gaiman's Neverwhere by Mike Carey Glenn Fabry Neil Gaiman. No description available
Neverwhere by Neil Gaiman. No description available
Marjorie Morningstar by Herman Wouk. No description available
El Perfume Historia De Un Asesino by Patrick S skind. No description available
The Perfume of the Lady in Black by Gaston Leroux Margaret Jull Costa Terry Hale. No description available
The Perfume Factory by Alex Austin. No description available
Psyche in a Dress by Francesca Lia Block. No description available
Echo by Francesca Lia Block. No description available
Ecstasia by Francesca Lia Block. No description available
Eight Cousins Eight Cousins 1 by Louisa May Alcott. No description available
Peace Is Every Step The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life by Thich Nhat Hanh Arnold Kotler Dalai Lama XIV. No description available
Night Beat A Shadow History of Rock Roll by Mikal Gilmore. No description available
The History of Rock and Roll World History by Adam Woog. No description available
Please Kill Me The Uncensored Oral History of Punk by Legs McNeil Gillian McCain. No description available
The Day the Country Died A History of Anarcho Punk 1980 1984 by Ian Glasper. No description available
Edie Girl on Fire by David Weisman Melissa Painter. No description available
Edie by Jean Stein George Plimpton. No description available
"The Leatherstocking Tales Vol. 1 The Pioneers The Last of the Mohicans The Prairie by James Fenimore Cooper Blake Nevius. When Cooper's most memorable hero, Leatherstocking, started an American tradition by setting off into the sunset in The Pioneers, one early reader said of his departure, I longed to go with him. American readers couldn't get enough of the Leatherstocking saga collected in two Library of America volumes and, fourteen years after he portrayed the death of Natty Bumppo in The Prairie, Cooper brought him back in The Pathfinder, or The Inland Sea 1841 . During the Seven Years War, just after the events narrated in The Last of the Mohicans, Natty brings the daughter of a British sergeant to her father's station on the Great Lakes, where the French and their Indian allies are plotting a treacherous ambush. Here, for the first time, he falls in love with a woman, before Cooper manages bring off Leatherstocking's most poignant, and perhaps his most revealing, escape. The Deerslayer 1842 brings the saga full circle and follows the young Natty on his first warpath. Instinctively gifted in the arts of the forest, pious in his respect for the unspoiled wilderness on which he loves to gaze, honorable to friend and foe alike, stoic under torture, and cool under fire, the young Leatherstocking emerges as Cooper's noblest figure of the American frontier. Enacting a rite of passage both for its hero and for the culture he comes to represent, this last book in the series glows with a timelessness that readers everywhere will find enchanting. LIBRARY OF AMERICA is an independent nonprofit cultural organization founded in 1979 to preserve our nation s literary heritage by publishing, and keeping permanently in print, America s best and most significant writing. The Library of America series includes more than 300 volumes to date, authoritative editions that average 1,000 pages in length, feature cloth covers, sewn bindings, and ribbon markers, and are printed on premium acid free paper that will last for centuries."
The Catcher in the Rye Annotations and Study Aids by J.D. Salinger Rudolph F. Rau. No description available
Der F nger im Roggen by J.D. Salinger Eike Sch nfeld. No description available
A House Divided House of Earth 3 by Pearl S. Buck. No description available
Sons House of Earth 2 by Pearl S. Buck. No description available
East Wind West Wind by Pearl S. Buck. No description available
"Encyclopedia Brown Solves Them All Encyclopedia Brown 5 by Donald J. Sobol Leonard W. Shortall. The town's ten year old walking encyclopedia again solves ten neighborhood mysteries. The final solutions to the cases are at the back of the book, giving the reader a chance to compare his skill to that of Encyclopedia Brown."
"Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Slippery Salamander Encyclopedia Brown 22 by Donald J. Sobol Warren Chang. A new title in the bestselling series about the world's greatest supersleuth in sneakers! A slippery salamander, a banana burglar, a judge who's run away, and a presidential toothbrush . . . these are just some of the clues that the world's greatest young detective must use to solve 10 all new mysteries. Young readers can try to solve the cases alongside Encyclopedia the answers to all the mysteries are in the back of the book."
Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Treasure Hunt Encyclopedia Brown 17 by Donald J. Sobol Gail Owens. Suspects who are identical twins... A leaking tent... Magical worm pills... A zebra's portrait... And a sheet of toilet paper from Spain that's been swiped! These are just some of the ten brain twisting mysteries that Encyclopedia Brown must solve by using his famous computer like brain. Try and crack the cases along with him the answer to all the mysteries are found in the back!
Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Sleeping Dog Encyclopedia Brown 21 by Donald J. Sobol Warren Chang. Will Wilford Wiggins finally part the kids of Idaville from their hard earned allowances? Can Encyclopedia stop Sally from belting Bugs Meany into the next millennium? What happens when performance art comes to Idaville? To find the answers and to solve the mysteries of the sleepy beagle and the shower singers read the continuing adventures of the world's most famous boy detective!
"When Red Is Black Inspector Chen Cao 3 by Qiu Xiaolong. When the murder of a woman is reported to the Shanghai police while Inspector Chen is on vacation, Sergeant Yu is forced to take charge of the investigation. The victim, Yin Lige, a novelist known for her banned book, has been found dead in her tiny, humble room off the stairwell of a converted multi family house. It seems that only a neighbor could have committed the crime, for the building is kept locked at night. But there is no apparent motive. Sergeant Yu tries to unravel the reclusive woman s past and begins to realize it may have larger political implications. The Cultural Revolution might be more than 30 years in the past, but its effects can still be felt at every level of Chinese society."
The Red and the Black by Stendhal Burton Raffel Diane Johnson. No description available
Red and Black by Stendhal Robert M. Adams. No description available
Black on Red My 44 Years Inside the Soviet Union An Autobiography by Robert Robinson Jonathan Slevin. No description available
"Thinking Visually Basics Illustration 1 by Mark Wigan. The first book in the 'Basics Illustration' series, 'Thinking Visually', features the work of more than 100 international illustrators, educators and students demonstrating diverse visual language, context, ideas, techniques and skills."
Love by Stendhal Gilbert Sale Suzanne Sale B.C.J.G. Knight Jean Stewart. No description available
The Charterhouse of Parma by Stendhal Richard Howard Robert Andrew Parker. No description available
The Charterhouse of Parma by Stendhal Roger Pearson Margaret Mauldon. No description available
The King of Elfland's Daughter by Lord Dunsany Neil Gaiman. No description available
In the Land of Time And Other Fantasy Tales by Lord Dunsany S.T. Joshi. No description available
Fifty One Tales by Lord Dunsany John Gregory Betancourt Lin Carter. No description available
The Sword of Welleran and Other Stories by Lord Dunsany Sidney H. Sime. No description available
On the Lines of Morris' Romances Two Books That Inspired J. R. R. Tolkien The Wood Beyond the World and the Well at the World's End by William Morris Michale W. Perry. No description available
Faust Part One by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe David Luke. No description available
Faust First Part by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Peter Salm. No description available
Faust Part Two by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe David Luke. No description available
Nathan the Wise Minna von Barnhelm and Other Plays and Writings by Gotthold Ephraim Lessing. No description available
Your First Year in Network Marketing Overcome Your Fears Experience Success and Achieve Your Dreams! by Mark Yarnell Rene Reid Yarnell Richard Poe. No description available
The Wealth of Networks How Social Production Transforms Markets and Freedom by Yochai Benkler. No description available
War Trash by Ha Jin. No description available
 by Ha Jin. No description available
Zone of the Enders The 2nd Runner Official Strategy Guide by Tim Bogenn. No description available
The God Delusion by Richard Dawkins. No description available
"Good in Bed Cannie Shapiro 1 by Jennifer Weiner. 1 New York Times bestselling author Jennifer Weiner brings to life an irresistibly funny and relatable heroine in the novel The Boston Globe called funny, fanciful, extremely poignant, and rich with insight. For twenty eight years, things have been tripping along nicely for Cannie Shapiro. Sure, her mother has come charging out of the closet, and her father has long since dropped out of her world. But she loves her friends, her rat terrier, Nifkin, and her job as pop culture reporter for The Philadelphia Examiner. She s even made a tenuous peace with her plus size body. But the day she opens up a national women s magazine and sees the words Loving a Larger Woman above her ex boyfriend s byline, Cannie is plunged into misery and the most amazing year of her life. From Philadelphia to Hollywood and back home again, she charts a new course for herself mourning her losses, facing her past, and figuring out who she is and who she can become."
The Guy Not Taken Stories by Jennifer Weiner. No description available
Goodnight Nobody by Jennifer Weiner. No description available
Los diarios de Nanny by Emma McLaughlin Nicola Kraus. No description available
Davita's Harp by Chaim Potok. No description available
Neuromancer by William Gibson. No description available
Chosen By God Know God's Perfect Plan for His Glory and His Children by R.C. Sproul. No description available
The Chosen The Hidden History of Admission and Exclusion at Harvard Yale and Princeton by Jerome Karabel. No description available
"Chosen Prey Lucas Davenport 12 by John Sandford. He seems like such a nice man. You d never guess what was going on in his mind Art history professor James Qatar has a hobby he takes secret photographs of women to fuel more elaborate fantasies. When he s alone. Behind locked doors. Then one day, he goes a step further and... well, one thing leads to another. Qatar has no choice. He has to kill her. And you know something? He likes it. When Deputy Chief Lucas Davenport takes the case, he assumes it ll be straightforward police work. He couldn t be more wrong. As the investigation trail takes some unexpected turns, it becomes clear that nothing is straightforward about this killer, his victims, or his motives. And to stop him Lucas has no choice but to walk right into his lair. WITH A NEW INTRODUCTION BY JOHN SANDFORD"
Chosen But Free by Norman L. Geisler. No description available
"The Lady Chosen Bastion Club 1 by Stephanie Laurens. Now in trade paperback for the first time 1 New York Times bestselling author Stephanie Laurens s unforgettable tale of love and mystery that introduced her overwhelming popular Bastion Club novels Tristan Wemyss, Earl of Trentham, has a most unexpected challenge like all men of his class he must find a suitable wife, but within a year, and if he fails, he must forfeit his inheritance. Despite the many alluring young women paraded before him, he picks his neighbor, Miss Leonora Carling. Spirited, educated, and no man s fool, Leonora meets his requirements perfectly. Unfortunately, she has no desire to marry anyone . . . But then unanticipated danger finds her and Leonora must beg Tristan for his aid. A mysterious stranger is attempting to force her family from their home, so when Tristan extends his services as protector she has little choice but to accept. Yet as they get ever closer to uncovering the source of the threat, Tristan discovers his offer of convenience is becoming an offer of love."
Maya Cosmogenesis 2012 The True Meaning of the Maya Calendar End Date by John Major Jenkins Terence McKenna. No description available
Travels of Marco Polo by Marco Polo Howard Mittelmark Milton Rugoff. No description available
"The Sword of Angels The Bronze Knight 3 by John Marco. Armed with a magic amulet which bestows eternal life on the wearer, a powerful knight protects the fortress of Grimhold, where the magical people of his world reside. But when his closest friend is pulled into the evil sway of the Devil's Armor, only the Sword of Angels can defeat it."
A Scanner Darkly by Philip K. Dick. No description available
Last Man Standing by David Baldacci. No description available
Rape A Love Story by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
Plain Truth by Jodi Picoult. No description available
Vanishing Acts by Jodi Picoult. No description available
Nineteen Minutes by Jodi Picoult. No description available
Compasi n by Jodi Picoult. No description available
The Outsiders by S.E. Hinton Jodi Picoult. No description available
Die Wahrheit der letzten Stunde by Jodi Picoult. No description available
Die Hexen von Salem Falls by Jodi Picoult. No description available
In einer regnerischen Nacht. by Jodi Picoult. No description available
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn by Betty Smith. No description available
The Sound of Mountain Water by Wallace Stegner. No description available
Wolf Willow by Wallace Stegner Page Stegner. No description available
Mormon Country by Wallace Stegner Richard W. Etulain. No description available
The Complete Novels by Jane Austen. No description available
Jane Austen's Letters by Jane Austen. No description available
The Complete Novels of Jane Austen Vol 1 Sense Sensibility Pride Prejudice Mansfield Park by Jane Austen. No description available
Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen Pat Rogers. No description available
Desire and Duty A Sequel to Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice by Ted Bader Marilyn Bader. No description available
Emma by Jane Austen James Kinsley Adela Pinch. No description available
Emma by Jane Austen. No description available
Emma by Jane Austen Prunella Scales. No description available
Sense and Sensibility by Jane Austen Claudia L. Johnson. No description available
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? by Edward Albee. No description available
To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf Mark Hussey. No description available
Mrs. Dalloway by Virginia Woolf Maureen Howard. No description available
A Room of One's Own by Virginia Woolf. No description available
Moments of Being A Collection of Autobiographical Writing by Virginia Woolf Jeanne Schulkind. No description available
The Complete Shorter Fiction of Virginia Woolf by Virginia Woolf Susan Dick. No description available
The Diary of Virginia Woolf Volume Two 1920 1924 by Virginia Woolf Anne Olivier Bell Andrew McNeillie. No description available
A Writer's Diary by Virginia Woolf Leonard Woolf. No description available
The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas by Gertrude Stein. No description available
Strange Fits of Passion by Anita Shreve. No description available
"Eden Close by Anita Shreve. Childhood friends reunite years after a shattering tragedy in this compelling page turner by the New York Times bestselling author Kirkus Reviews, starred review . When Andrew was about to leave his small upstate New York town for college, tragedy struck the beautiful girl next door, Eden Close. An adopted child, Eden had learned to avoid the mother who did not want her and to please the father who did. She also aimed to please Andrew and his friends, first by being one of the boys and later by seducing them. Then one hot night, Andrew was awakened by gunshots and piercing screams from the next farm Mr. Close had been killed and Eden blinded. Now, seventeen years later, Andrew returns to his upstate New York hometown to attend his mother s funeral, and begins to uncover the grisly story to unravel the layers of thwarted love between the husband, wife, and tormented girl. And as the truth about Eden s past comes to light, so too does Andrew s strange and binding attachment to her . . . Eden s story has the heightened emotions, the dark, brooding atmosphere of a Southern gothic novel . . . Shreve demonstrates her ability to create highly vivid, sympathetic people. The New York Times Beautifully rendered scenes. Kirkus Reviews starred review Shreve simply has the Gift the ability to hook you from the first page and not let go until the final word. The Washington Post Book World"
Where or When by Anita Shreve. No description available
Body Surfing by Anita Shreve. No description available
"Labyrinth Languedoc 1 by Kate Mosse. July 2005. In the Pyrenees mountains near Carcassonne, Alice, a volunteer at an archaeological dig, stumbles into a cave and makes a startling discovery two crumbling skeletons, strange writings on the walls, and the pattern of a labyrinth. Eight hundred years earlier, on the eve of a brutal crusade that will rip apart southern France, a young woman named Alais is given a ring and a mysterious book for safekeeping by her father. The book, he says, contains the secret of the true Grail, and the ring, inscribed with a labyrinth, will identify a guardian of the Grail. Now, as crusading armies gather outside the city walls of Carcassonne, it will take a tremendous sacrifice to keep the secret of the labyrinth safe."
"Labyrinth of Evil Star Wars The Dark Lord Trilogy 1 by James Luceno. For the first time in one thrilling volume, three novels Labyrinth of Evil, Revenge of the Sith, and Dark Lord The Rise of Darth Vader that follow an epic chain of events the last days of the Republic, the creation of the Empire, and the ultimate transformation of Jedi Anakin Skywalker into the notorious Darth Vader. On the planet Neimoidia, Jedi Knights Obi Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker seize an unexpected prize intelligence capable of leading the Republic forces to the ever elusive Darth Sidious, who is ruthlessly orchestrating a campaign to divide and overwhelm the Jedi forces. As combat escalates across the galaxy, and Darth Sidious remains one step ahead of his pursuers, the stage is set for an explosive endgame. Tormented by unspeakable visions, Anakin edges closer to the brink of a galaxy shaping decision, while Darth Sidious plots to strike the final staggering blow against the Republic and to ordain a fearsome new Sith Lord Darth Vader. Once the most powerful Knight ever known to the Jedi Order, Anakin becomes Darth Vader, a disciple of the dark side, a lord of the dreaded Sith, and the avenging right hand of the galaxy s ruthless new Emperor. As a few surviving Jedi lead a charge on a Separatist stronghold, the deadliest threat still rests in the swift and lethal crimson lightsaber of Darth Vader behind whose brooding mask lies a shattered heart, a poisoned soul, and a cunning, twisted mind hell bent on vengeance. For the handful of scattered Jedi hunted across space, survival is imperative if the light side of the Force is to be protected and the galaxy reclaimed. LABYRINTH OF EVIL by James Luceno REVENGE OF THE SITH by Matthew Stover, based on the story and screenplay by George Lucas DARK LORD The Rise of Darth Vader by James Luceno Features a bonus section following the novel that includes a primer on the Star Wars expanded universe, and over half a dozen excerpts from some of the most popular Star Wars books of the last thirty years!"
Labyrinths Selected Stories and Other Writings by Jorge Luis Borges James E. Irby Donald A. Yates Andr Maurois. No description available
El laberinto by Kate Mosse Claudia Conde. No description available
Spook Science Tackles the Afterlife by Mary Roach. No description available
Odd Thomas Odd Thomas 1 by Dean Koontz. The dead don't talk. I don't know why. But they do try to communicate ... with a short order cook named Odd Thomas in a small desert town serving as their reluctant confidant.
"Brother Odd Odd Thomas 3 by Dean Koontz. St. Bartholomew's Abbey sits in majestic solitude amid the wild peaks of California's high Sierra, a haven for children otherwise abandoned, and a sanctuary for those seeking insight. Odd Thomas has come here to learn to live fully again. But trouble has a way of finding Odd Thomas, and it slinks back onto his path."
First Love A Gothic Tale by Joyce Carol Oates Barry Moser Erhan Sunar. No description available
The Haunted Screen Expressionism in the German Cinema and the Influence of Max Reinhardt by Lotte H. Eisner. No description available
Crucial Conversations Tools for Talking When Stakes Are High by Kerry Patterson Joseph Grenny Ron McMillan Al Switzler Stephen R. Covey. No description available
Conversations with God An Uncommon Dialogue Book 1 by Neale Donald Walsch. No description available
Conversations With God An Uncommon Dialogue Book 3 by Neale Donald Walsch. No description available
Conversations With God An Uncommon Dialogue Book 2 by Neale Donald Walsch. No description available
Naked Conversations How Blogs Are Changing the Way Businesses Talk with Customers by Robert Scoble Shel Israel. No description available
The Art of Civilized Conversation A Guide to Expressing Yourself with Style and Grace by Margaret Shepherd Penny Carter Sharon Hogan. No description available
Conversation A History of a Declining Art by Stephen Miller. No description available
Bono In Conversation with Michka Assayas by Michka Assayas. No description available
Michael Powell Interviews by David Lazar. No description available
Art and Lies by Jeanette Winterson. No description available
Tanglewreck by Jeanette Winterson. No description available
Weight The Myth of Atlas and Heracles by Jeanette Winterson. No description available
The Passion by Jeanette Winterson. No description available
Art Objects Essays on Ecstasy and Effrontery by Jeanette Winterson. No description available
The World and Other Places Stories by Jeanette Winterson. No description available
Sexing the Cherry by Jeanette Winterson. No description available
Lighthousekeeping by Jeanette Winterson. No description available
Written on the Body by Jeanette Winterson. No description available
I'm Telling You Stories Jeanette Winterson and the Politics of Reading Postmodern Studies 25 by Helena Grice Tim Woods. No description available
Easy Riders Raging Bulls How the Sex Drugs And Rock 'N' Roll Generation Saved Hollywood by Peter Biskind. No description available
It's Only a Movie Ingrid Encounters on and Off Screen by Alexander Walker. No description available
Portraits of Murder 47 Short Stories Chosen by the Master of Suspense by Alfred Hitchcock Don Tothe. No description available
The Art of Alfred Hitchcock Fifty Years of His Motion Pictures by Donald Spoto. No description available
The Complete Films Of Alfred Hitchcock by Robert A. Harris Michael S. Lasky. No description available
The Mystery of the Whispering Mummy Alfred Hitchcock and The Three Investigators 3 by Robert Arthur Alfred Hitchcock. No description available
Alfred Hitchcock and the Making of Psycho by Stephen Rebello. No description available
Five Quarters of the Orange by Joanne Harris. No description available
Sleep Pale Sister by Joanne Harris. No description available
Blackberry Wine by Joanne Harris. No description available
Gentlemen and Players by Joanne Harris. No description available
"The Lollipop Shoes Chocolat 2 by Joanne Harris. 'Who died?' I said. 'Or is it a secret?' 'My mother, Vianne Rocher.' Seeking refuge and anonymity in the cobbled streets of Montmarre, Yanne and her daughters, Rosette and Annie, live peacefully, if not happily, above thier little chocolate shop. Nothing unusual marks them out no red sachets hang by the door. The wind has stopped at least for a while. Then into their lives blows Zozie de l'Alba, the lady with the lollipop shoes, and everything begins to change . . . But this new friendship is not what it seems. Ruthless, devious and seductive, Zozie de l'Alba has plans of her own plans that will shake their world to pieces. And with everything she loves at stake, Yanne must face a difficult choice to flee, as she has done so many times before, or to confront her most dangerous enemy . . . Herself."
The French Kitchen A Cookbook by Joanne Harris Fran Warde. No description available
Holy Madness The Shock Tactics Radical Teachings Crazy Wise Adepts Holy Fools Rascal Gurus by Georg Feuerstein Roger Walsh. No description available
The Adventuress by Audrey Niffenegger. No description available
The Time Traveler's Wife by Audrey Niffenegger William Hope Laurel Lefkow. No description available
La mujer del viajero en el tiempo by Audrey Niffenegger Silvia Alemany. No description available
Ralph Ellison A Biography by Arnold Rampersad. No description available
"The Collectors Camel Club 2 by David Baldacci. While a gifted con artist plots against the most ruthless businessman in the world, the Camel Club must stop a renegade CIA agent from selling American secrets to the highest bidder in this 1 New York Times bestselling thriller. The assassination of the speaker of the House has rocked the nation. And the Camel Club has found a chilling connection with another death that of the director of the Library of Congress's Rare Books and Special Collections Division. The club's unofficial leader, a man who calls himself Oliver Stone, discovers that someone is selling America to its enemies one secret at a time. Then Annabelle Conroy, the greatest con artist of her generation, comes to town and joins forces with the Camel Club for her own reasons. And Stone will need all the help she can give, because the two murders are hurtling the Camel Club into a world of espionage that is bringing America to its knees."
Saving Faith by David Baldacci. No description available
Total Control by David Baldacci. No description available
She Got Up Off the Couch And Other Heroic Acts from Mooreland Indiana by Haven Kimmel. No description available
Orville A Dog Story by Haven Kimmel Robert Andrew Parker. No description available
The Solace Of Leaving Early by Haven Kimmel. No description available
The Used World by Haven Kimmel. No description available
Something Rising by Haven Kimmel. No description available
"Bridge of Birds The Chronicles of Master Li and Number Ten Ox 1 by Barry Hughart. The third book in the Chronicles of Master Li and Number Ten Ox series When a resepcted mandarin is murdered in the heart of the Forbidden City, Master Li and his sidekick, Number Ten Ox, are called in to investigate. Thus begins a Sherlockian adventure that takes Master Li and Number Ten Ox accompanied by a scarred puppeteer and his shamanka daughter on a wild chase across China. With murder, mayhem, and magic aplenty, and Chinese folklore and literary references thrown into the mix, Eight Skilled Gentlemen is a hilarious romp through Ancient China."
American Film Guide by Frank N. Magill. No description available
Looking for God in Harry Potter by John Granger. No description available
"Shades of Murder Mitchell and Markby Village 13 by Ann Granger. A mansion, a murder and a century long mystery... Shades of Murder is the thirteenth mystery in the Mitchell Markby series by Ann Granger, who is highly praised for her strong and appealing characters, wit and engrossing plots. The perfect read for fans of M.C. Beaton, Agatha Christie and ITV's Midsomer Murders. 'The narrative keeps the reader gripped until the end' Wiltshire Times In 1889 Cora Oakley died by inhaling a poisonous gas in her sleep, and her husband William was put on trial for her murder. Over a hundred years later, the only remaining members of the family are two elderly sisters who live in the ancestral home. Unable to maintain the mansion, the sisters decide to sell up and live off the proceeds. Then a young Polish man named Jan appears, claiming to be William Oakley's great grandson and threatening to ruin the sisters' plans. When he is found dead, it seems that the shadow of murder has returned to haunt the Oakley family again, and Superintendent Markby must look back at the events of a century ago to find the killer... What readers are saying about Shades of Murder 'The characterisation and dialogue are as sharp as ever, and the plot is great!' 'The characters were well drawn in both past and present strands of the book with some very neat twists' 'Two separate murder mysteries, unfolding in turn, chapter by chapter, gave me double delight'"
The Complete Maus by Art Spiegelman. No description available
"Maus I A Survivor's Tale My Father Bleeds History Maus 1 by Art Spiegelman. The bestselling first installment of the graphic novel acclaimed as the most affecting and successful narrative ever done about the Holocaust Wall Street Journal and the first masterpiece in comic book history The New Yorker PULITZER PRIZE WINNER One of Variety s Banned and Challenged Books Everyone Should Read A brutally moving work of art widely hailed as the greatest graphic novel ever written Maus recounts the chilling experiences of the author s father during the Holocaust, with Jews drawn as wide eyed mice and Nazis as menacing cats. Maus is a haunting tale within a tale, weaving the author s account of his tortured relationship with his aging father into an astonishing retelling of one of history's most unspeakable tragedies. It is an unforgettable story of survival and a disarming look at the legacy of trauma."
Radical Chic Mau Mauing the Flak Catchers by Tom Wolfe. No description available
Katz und Maus by G nter Grass. No description available
Sorcery Rising Fool's Gold 1 by Jude Fisher. No description available
The Lord of the Rings The Two Towers Visual Companion by Jude Fisher Viggo Mortensen. No description available
"In the Green Star's Glow Green Star 5 by Lin Carter. He was Karn, the savage of the sky high trees. He was protector and defender of the princess Niamh, whose very city was lost in the mapless jungles of the world under the Green Star. But he was also an Earthling, whose helpless body lay in suspended animation in a guarded mansion in New England. It was his alien mind that drove Karn through perils that no other wold dare... In the Green Star's Glow is a science fantasy novel in the tradition of Edgar Rice Burroughs. Written by American author Lin Carter, it is the final book in his Green Star series. It was first published in 1976"
"By the Light of the Green Star Green Star 3 by Lin Carter. Miscast in the role of assassin, inhabiting the stolen body of a stalwart savage, the star wanderer from Earth found himself in dangers beyond even his wildest imaginings!"
The Lord of the Rings A Reader's Companion by Wayne G. Hammond Christina Scull. No description available
The Lord of the Rings Official Movie Guide by Brian Sibley. No description available
The Two Towers The Lord of the Rings 2 by J.R.R. Tolkien Peter S. Beagle. Tells of the quest to destroy Sauron's mighty Ring of Power and the struggle against the Darkness of Mordor. NoveList.
"The Return of the King The Lord of the Rings 3 by J.R.R. Tolkien. Begin your journey into Middle earth. The inspiration for the upcoming original series on Prime Video, The Lord of the Rings The Rings of Power. The Return of the King is the third part of J.R.R. Tolkien s epic adventure The Lord of the Rings. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them. The Dark Lord has risen, and as he unleashes hordes of Orcs to conquer all Middle earth, Frodo and Sam struggle deep into his realm in Mordor. To defeat Sauron, the One Ring must be destroyed in the fires of Mount Doom. But the way is impossibly hard, and Frodo is weakening. The Ring corrupts all who bear it and Frodo s time is running out. Will Sam and Frodo succeed, or will the Dark Lord rule Middle earth once more?"
The Lord of the Rings The Return of the King Visual Companion by Jude Fisher. No description available
"Death's Acre Inside the Legendary Forensic Lab the Body Farm Where the Dead Do Tell Tales by William M. Bass Jon Jefferson. Fans of the forensics oriented novels of such mystery writers as Kathy Reichs and Patricia Cornwell...not to mention television series like CSI Crime Scene Investigation, will make an eager audience for this one. Booklist On a patch of land in the Tennessee hills, human corpses decompose in the open air, aided by insects, bacteria, and birds, unhindered by coffins or mausoleums. This is Bill Bass s Body Farm, where nature takes its course as bodies buried in shallow graves, submerged in water, or locked in car trunks serve the needs of science and the cause of justice. In Death s Acre, Bass invites readers on an unprecedented journey behind the gates of the Body Farm where he revolutionized forensic anthropology. A master scientist and an engaging storyteller, Bass reveals his most intriguing cases for the first time. He revisits the Lindbergh kidnapping and murder, explores the mystery of a headless corpse whose identity astonished police, divulges how the telltale traces of an insect sent a murderous grandfather to death row and much more. INCLUDES PHOTOGRAPHS"
The Magical Worlds of Lord of the Rings The Amazing Myths Legends and Facts Behind the Masterpiece by David Colbert. No description available
The Rough Guide to Australia 7 by Margo Daly David Leffman Anne Dehne Chris Scott. No description available
The Rough Guide to Vietnam by Rough Guides Jan Dodd Mark Lewis Ron Emmons. No description available
 by J.R.R. Tolkien Alan Lee. No description available
A Gateway to Sindarin A Grammar of an Elvish Language from J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings by David Salo. No description available
The Laughing Corpse Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 2 by Laurell K. Hamilton. No description available
What the Corpse Revealed by Hugh Miller. No description available
Corpse Nature Forensics and the Struggle to Pinpoint Time of Death by Jessica Snyder Sachs. No description available
"The Main Corpse A Goldy Bear Culinary Mystery 6 by Diane Mott Davidson. She has been called the Julia Child of mystery writers. Now, Diane Mott Davidson, who masterfully served up The Last Suppers, Killer Pancake, and Dying for Chocolate, returns with an irresistible five star helping of suspense. When caterer Goldy Schulz takes a job with a multimillion dollar financial firm, she finds herself in a high stakes world where someone is out to make a killing.... Goldy, owner of Goldilocks' Catering, barely weathered a disastrous spring in which relentless rains and driving snow put a real damper on her business. But now, thanks to her best friend, Marla, the Colorado caterer is suddenly cooking up a storm...lovingly preparing Crab Quesadillas, Tomato Brie Pie, and Gold Foil Wrapped Fudge Bars for her wealthy new client, Prospect Financial Partners. The Prospect Partners' financial whiz, Tony Royce, with whom Marla is having a tempestuous affair, and Albert Lipscomb, who is personally managing Marla's money, have hired Goldy to prepare a sumptuous party to kick off their latest venture the reopening of the Eurydice Gold Mine. Anxious to take advantage of a golden opportunity, Goldy arrives at the mine site early, loaded down with goodies. Yet just when she thinks she can relax, all hell breaks loose and the main culprit is Marla. Her best friend is sure the mine venture is a scam. And when, several days later, Albert ends up missing, it looks as if Marla was right. Why, then, is the police captain treating Goldy's best friend as if she had committed a crime? And how can Goldy keep her fourteen year old son Arch and his unreliable bloodhound from making matters worse? As Goldy works furiously to restore her business by whipping up hot, fragrant Sour Cream Cherry Coffeecake and featherlight Cinnamon Scones, she finds herself drawn into a most unusual situation of missing partners, stolen millions, and multiple homicides. And only when Goldy can discover which of the victims is the main corpse will she be able to unravel the mystery that threatens to cancel out her friend's dearest asset her life."
 by J.R.R. Tolkien Alan Lee. No description available
Exquisite Corpse by Poppy Z. Brite. No description available
"The Return of the King The Lord of the Rings 3 by Brian Sibley J.R.R. Tolkien. Begin your journey into Middle earth. The inspiration for the upcoming original series on Prime Video, The Lord of the Rings The Rings of Power. The Return of the King is the third part of J.R.R. Tolkien s epic adventure The Lord of the Rings. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them. The Dark Lord has risen, and as he unleashes hordes of Orcs to conquer all Middle earth, Frodo and Sam struggle deep into his realm in Mordor. To defeat Sauron, the One Ring must be destroyed in the fires of Mount Doom. But the way is impossibly hard, and Frodo is weakening. The Ring corrupts all who bear it and Frodo s time is running out. Will Sam and Frodo succeed, or will the Dark Lord rule Middle earth once more?"
The Lord of the Rings The Hobbit by J.R.R. Tolkien. No description available
Bored of the Rings A Parody of J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings by The Harvard Lampoon Henry N. Beard Douglas C. Kenney. No description available
The Return of the Shadow The History of The Lord of the Rings Part One The History of Middle Earth 6 by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien. No description available
"Les Deux Tours Le Seigneur des Anneaux 2 by J.R.R. Tolkien Francis Ledoux. Dispers e dans les terres de l'Ouest, la Communaut de l'Anneau affronte les p rils de la guerre, tandis que Frodon, accompagn du fid le Samsagace, poursuit une qu te presque d sesp r e d truire l'Anneau, unique en le jetant dans les crevasses d'Oradruir, a Montagne du destin. Mais aux fronti res du royaume de Mordor, une myst rieuse cr ature les pie... Pour les perdre ou pour les sauver ?"
The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien Brian Sibley Michael Bakewell Stephen Oliver Ian Holm Michael Hordern Robert Stephens John Le Mesurier Peter Woodthorpe Gerard Murphy Hugh Dickson Peter Vaughan Peter Howell. No description available
The Ice Storm by Rick Moody. No description available
The Diviners by Rick Moody. No description available
Right Livelihoods Three Novellas by Rick Moody. No description available
Black Veil A Memoir with Digressions by Rick Moody. No description available
Garden State by Rick Moody. No description available
"The Lord of the Rings Millennium Edition Boxed Set The Lord of the Rings 1 3 by J.R.R. Tolkien. Summary of The Lord of the Rings The Lord of the Rings in conception was meant as a sequel The Hobbit, his tale for children was published in 1937. 9 The popularity of The Hobbit led to demands from his publishers for more stories about Hobbits and goblins, and so that same year Tolkien began writing what would become The Lord of the Rings not to be finished until 12 years later in 1949, not be fully published until 1955, by which time Tolkien would be 63 years old. Tolkien did not originally intend to write a sequel to The Hobbit, and instead wrote several other children's tales such as Roverandom. As his main work, Tolkien began to outline the history of Arda, telling tales of the Silmarils, and many other stories forming the vast background to The Lord of the Rings and the Third Age. Tolkien died before he could complete and put together all of this work cohesively, but his son Christopher Tolkien edited his father's work, filled in gaps, and published it in 1977 as The Silmarillion. 10 Some Tolkien biographers regard The Silmarillion as the true work of his heart 11 , as it provides the historical and linguistic context for the more popular work and for his constructed languages, and had occupied most of Tolkien's time. As a result The Lord of the Rings ended up as the last movement of Tolkien's legendarium and, to him, the much larger, and I hope also in proportion the best, of the entire cycle . 3 Persuaded by his publishers, he started 'a new Hobbit' in the third week of December 1937. 12 After several false starts, the story of the One Ring soon emerged, and the book mutated from being a sequel to The Hobbit, to being, in theme, more a sequel to the unpublished Silmarillion. The idea of the first chapter A Long Expected Party arrived fully formed, although the reasons behind Bilbo's disappearance, the significance of the Ring, and the title The Lord of the Rings did not arrive until the spring of 1938. 9 Originally, he planned to write another story in which Bilbo had used up all his treasure and was looking for another adventure to gain more however, he remembered the ring and its powers and decided to write about it instead. 9 He began with Bilbo as the main character but decided that the story was too serious to use the fun loving hobbit and so Tolkien looked to use a member of Bilbo's family. 9 He thought about using Bilbo's son, but this generated some difficult questions, such as the whereabouts of his wife and whether he would let his son go into danger. Thus he looked for an alternate character to carry the ring. In Greek legend, it was a hero's nephew that gained the item of power, and so the hobbit Frodo came into existence. 9 As the high Legends of the beginning are supposed to look at things through Elvish minds, so the middle tale of the Hobbit takes a virtually human point of view and the last tale The Lord of the Rings blends them. Tolkien on The Silmarillion, The Hobbit, and The Lord of the Rings respectively 13 . Writing was slow due to Tolkien's perfectionism, and was frequently interrupted by his obligations as an examiner, and other academic duties. The first sentence of The Hobbit was in fact written on a blank page which a student had left on an exam paper which Tolkien was marking In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. 14 Here is a Preview of What You Will Get A Full Book Summary An Analysis Fun quizzes Quiz Answers Etc Get a copy of this summary and learn about the book."
"Stork Naked Xanth 30 by Piers Anthony. Stymy Stork kidnaps Surprise Golem's new baby after deciding that Surprise is too young to be a mother. In response, Surprise and a strange assortment of companions travel through various alternate Xanths in search of the child."
"Pet Peeve Xanth 29 by Piers Anthony. Unlikely Goblin hero Goody is instructed by the Good Magician Humfrey to find a suitable home for a foul tempered bird, a quest that inadvertently triggers an invasion by an army of seemingly indestructible killer robots."
Up in a Heaval Xanth 26 by Piers Anthony. No description available
"Roc and a Hard Place Xanth 19 by Piers Anthony. Seeking a solution to a personal problem, Metria asks for help. Before she can be helped she must perform a perilous mission to find a suitable jury for the trial of the noble and virtuous bird, Roxanne Roc. This leads her to some surprising truths about herself and Xanth."
"Swell Foop Xanth 25 by Piers Anthony. Someone or some thing has kidnapped the dreaded Demon Earth. If he isn't found, the very fabric of our world will unravel, removing the Earth's gravitational field, and, incidentally, that of the magical land of Xanth as well! To combat this dastardly deed, six bold adventurers must locate the mysterious object known as the Swell Foop, and wield it in a deadly cosmic contest against an awesome enemy. The twenty fifth exhilarating episode in Piers Anthony's fabulous saga of Xanth, Swell Foop blends laughter and romance, wonder and danger, in one of the most intricate and intriguing tales in the history of the series. Swell Foop, the twenty fifth volume in Piers Anthony's bestselling Xanth fantasy adventures, is one of the most intricate and intriguing tales in the history of the series. At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
"Being a Green Mother Incarnations of Immortality 5 by Piers Anthony. Orb had a rare gift the magic which manifested whenever she sang or played her harp. No one could resist her music. But she knew that greater magic lay in the Llano, the mystic music that controlled all things. The quest for the Llano occupied Orb's life. Until she met Natasha, handsome and charming, and an even finer musician. But her mother Niobe came as an Aspect of Fire, with the news that Orb had been chosen for the role of Incarnation of Nature The Green Mother. But she also warned of a prophecy that Orb was to marry Evil. Could she be sure that Natasha was not really Satan, the Master of Illusion, laying a trap for her...?"
Firefly by Piers Anthony. No description available
"Yon Ill Wind Xanth 20 by Piers Anthony. This Xanth villain is full of hot air. Anthony s unflagging sparkle, verve and wordplay spin everyday trials of Mundane life into storytelling gold Publishers Weekly . A fickle flux in the fabric of space has allowed a horrendous hurricane to blast into Xanth, stirring up mischief and madness wherever she goes. Trapped in a preposterous form by a cosmic wager, the Demon X A N th must join forces with a vexatious vixen named Chlorine to save Xanth from this terrifying and tempestuous threat. Their companions on this haphazard quest are a hapless human family Jim and Karen Baldwin and their two teenage sons, David and Sean gusted into Xanth from the mundane world beyond. Together they encounter a host of turbulent misadventures as they struggle to keep Xanth from being blown off the map forever. Just the thing for pun happy funsters. Kirkus Reviews"
"Vision of Tarot Tarot 2 by Piers Anthony. The wanderer monk Paul is trapped in a nightmare of dragons, demons, and spectacular lusts as the shimmering Animation curtain storms across the worldscape, changing fantasy into hideous reality. Reissue."
On a Pale Horse by Piers Anthony. No description available
"Vale of the Vole Xanth 10 by Piers Anthony. When Esk, a young ogre nymph human, began his pilgrimage to the Good Magician Humfrey to rid himself of a seductive demoness, little did he know it would become a mission of mercy. A running river paradise and its harmless inhabitants were perishing in the wrathful wake of a greedy demon horde. Now it is up to Esk and his companions a beautiful winged centaur named Chex and a brave burrower Called Volney to search Xanth's treacherous reaches, gathering together a mind boggling company of creatures to defend the precious Vale of the Vole...from beloved fantasy author Piers Anthony. At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
"The Dastard Xanth 24 by Piers Anthony. Many malevolent menaces have imperiled the magical land of Xanth in its long and storied history. But none has been as despicably dangerous as the Dastard a craven miscreant who sold his soul to a detestable demon for the power to erase events. Now the entire future of Xanth is at the mercy of his every whim. Only a young dragon girl named Becka has the power to stop his devious deeds! Becka is a crossbreed the daughter of Draco Dragon and a lovely human woman who met, by chance, at a Love Spring. Now fourteen, Becka is beginning to wonder where in Xanth she belongs on the ground with her mother's people, or flying the skies with her father's kind. So she journeys to the Good Magician Humfrey to discover her True Purpose in life. Much to her astonishment and surprise, the Magician tells her that a great Destiny awaits her one that will affect the future of all of Xanth...in Piers Anthony's The Dastard. At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
"Demons Don't Dream Xanth 16 by Piers Anthony. Series fans will find themselves right at home as a computer game draws two players into the illusion , pun , and dragon filled land of Xanth Kirkus Reviews . Sixteen year old Dug has yet to be impressed by a computer game, but that s before he gets hooked by Companions of Xanth and the beguilingly beautiful princess serpent he s chosen to guide him. Nada Naga has her work cut out for her keeping Dug s eyes on the magical prize . . . and off of her human form. Kim is no stranger to Xanth, which is why she chooses her favorite companion, Jenny Elf, to accompany her through its marvels and dangers. Though Kim s hyper enthusiasm is infectious, she doesn t really believe that Xanth is real, and it s up to Jenny to prove it. What the two players don t know is that there s more at stake than winning the very existence of Xanth hangs in the balance. Demons may run the game, but there are voids to avoid, loan sharks to outswim, and Com Pewter the most evil machine of all to outwit. Not to mention that a companion may be just as willing to sabotage Dug and Kim as help them succeed . . . The legions of Xanth readers can rest assured that Demons Don t Dream contains plenty of the punningly named animals, vegetables, people and things such as the Ice Queen Clone and the Censor Ship that have become the series raison d etre. Publishers Weekly"
The Color of Her Panties Xanth 15 by Piers Anthony. No description available
Faun Games Xanth 21 by Piers Anthony. No description available
"Harpy Thyme Xanth 17 by Piers Anthony. In Demons Don't Dream, Dug and Kim battle across the terrain as they test their mettle and in Harpy Thyme, Gloha agrees to serve the Good Magician for one year if the magician will create her a male harpy to love."
"Geis of the Gargoyle Xanth 18 by Piers Anthony. Since Xanth began, the gargoyles of that magical place have been under a magical compulsion to protect the purity of the Swan Knee River which flows in to Xanth from dreary Mundania. But recently the pollution from the outside world has grown ever greater, and young Gary Gar, latest in a long line of gargoyle guardians, is finding it ever more difficult to fulfill his responsibilities. So Gary does what any sensible Xanth resident with a dire dilemma would do. He goes to see the Good Magician Humfrey, who sends him on a peculiar quest to transform himself into human shape, tutor a precocious child with more than her share of wild magical talents, and find a philter which can restore the river to its previous pristine state."
Three Complete Xanth Novels Xanth 1 3 by Piers Anthony. No description available
"God of Tarot Tarot 1 by Piers Anthony. Readers can return to the planet of holy lusts and deadly dreams in this reissued edition of the first adventure in the Tarot series. Paul is a monk, which is better than a warrior on the planet Tarot, where religions are wielded like swords."
"Faith of Tarot Tarot 3 by Piers Anthony. Sent to pierce the dream curtain of the Animation that turns fantasy into hideous reality, the wanderer monk Paul finds himself on a trip to the ultimate and most terrifying fantasy of them all in this third novel of the Tarot series. Reissue."
"Unicorn Point Apprentice Adept 6 by Piers Anthony. Neither the magic of Phaze, nor the technology of Proton, can save the parallel worlds from a ruthless takeover. The fight for freedom must be waged by Mach and Bane, robot and wizard, linked between worlds. But they are not the only ones with this strange ability. For their children have been born each possessing powers the enemy could never imagine. The spectacular sequel to the Piers Anthony New York Times bestseller, Robot Adept."
Hard Sell by Piers Anthony. No description available
Var the Stick Battle Circle 2 by Piers Anthony. No description available
"Xanth The Quest for Magic Xanth 1 3 by Piers Anthony. Twenty five years ago, Piers Anthony fascinated us with the creation of Xanth a wondrous land where magic rules supreme. Since then, the dazzling world of Xanth has delighted millions of readers. Now, here are the first three novels of this classic series to enthrall a whole new generation. . . . A SPELL FOR CHAMELEON Winner of the British Fantasy Award for Best Novel of the Year Though every citizen of Xanth has a special spell only he or she can cast, Bink of North Village has no magic. But the Good Magician Humphrey and Beauregard the genie insist that Bink indeed is capable of enchantment magic more powerful than the King himself, or even the evil magician Trent. Now if only Bink can find his magic . . . before he is forced into exile. THE SOURCE OF MAGIC Curious about the source of Xanth's magic, the King sends Bink on a daring quest for truth. From the beginning, Bink and his companions are harried by an unseen creature determined to thwart them. But when some allies become enemies, it will take all Bink's ingenuity and luck to prevail on his mission, which takes an unexpectedly defiant turn. CASTLE ROOGNA Millie had been a ghost for eight hundred years. But now, restored by the magic of Xanth, she is again a beautiful living woman. She can have any man she desires . . . except one Jonathan the zombie. To help Millie, young Magician Dor embarks on a journey for the elixir that will restore Jonathan to full life an adventure that will take him to the past, where his intentions are thwarted by a surprising encounter. Discover a magical world of dazzling imagination!"
Killobyte by Piers Anthony. No description available
Fractal Mode Mode 2 by Piers Anthony. No description available
Anthonology by Piers Anthony. No description available
I Maccabees by Jonathan A. Goldstein Anonymous. No description available
II Maccabees by Anonymous Jonathan A. Goldstein. No description available
Question Quest Xanth 14 by Piers Anthony. No description available
Rings of Ice by Piers Anthony. No description available
Shame of Man Geodyssey 2 by Piers Anthony. No description available
"Magic Kingdom for Sale Sold! Magic Kingdom of Landover 1 by Terry Brooks. Capture the fantasy, thrills, and far flung adventure of the first three novels in Terry Brooks s enchanting Magic Kingdom of Landover series now for the first time in one gripping volume. Chicago lawyer Ben Holiday can t fathom what lies ahead when he purchases Landover a magical kingdom of chivalry and sorcery from Meeks, the mysterious seller who placed the ad. Weary and jaded, Ben clings to the ad s promise Escape into your dreams. But Landover is not the enchanted idyll he expected. The kingdom is in ruin. The barons refuse to recognize Ben as King, a dragon is decimating the countryside, and a demon lord has challenged any prospective ruler to a fatal duel. To make matters worse, the Paladin, renowned champion of the Kings of Landover, seems to be merely a legend. Ben s only allies are a bumbling court magician, a talking dog turned court scribe, and the beautiful Willow, who is part girl, part tree. With his friends in tow, Ben sets out to claim the throne. But when Meeks decides he wants Landover back, Ben will face supernatural foes of every stripe to prove himself worthy of the kingship. The question is Can he survive?"
"Armageddon's Children Genesis of Shannara 1 by Terry Brooks. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER In this exciting first of a new fantasy trilogy, bestseller Brooks effortlessly connects the Tolkien infused magic of his Shannara books . . . with the urban, postapocalyptic world of his Word and the Void series. . . . Longtime Brooks fans and newcomers will be riveted. Publishers Weekly starred review In our world s near future, civilization has fallen into terrifying chaos. Navigating the scarred landscape that once was America and guided by a powerful talisman, Logan Tom has sworn an oath to seek out a remarkable being born of magic and destined to lead the final fight against darkness. In time, Logan s path will cross with others Angel Perez, herself a survivor of death dealing forces, and a makeshift family of refugees forced to survive among street gangs, mutants, and marauders. Common purpose will draw Logan and his allies together. Their courage and convictions will be tested and their fates will be decided, as their singular crusade begins to take back, or lose forever, the only world they have. Dynamic . . . compelling . . . mesmerizing . . . with a cliff hanger that leaves readers salivating for the sequel. Booklist starred review Strongly recommended . . . a transformative work. SFRevu"
"Straken High Druid of Shannara 3 by Terry Brooks. The High Druid of Shannara trilogy draws to a thrilling close as a young hero nears completion of his trial by fire, a banished ruler fights for her life in a wilderness of dread, and forces of darkness and light square off in a battle unto death for the right to absolute rule. Prepare to be spellbound by the masterly hand of bestselling legend weaver Terry Brooks, conjuring at the peak of his skills. For reasons known only to himself, the King of the Silver River has charged young Penderrin Ohmsford, barely more than a boy, with the daunting task of rescuing his aunt, Grianne, Ard Rhys of the Druid order, from her forced exile in the terrifying dimension of all things damned the Forbidding. With the noble dwarf Tagwen and the prodigal elven princess Khyber Elessedil by his side and with the outcome of the bloody war between the Federation and the Free born at stake Pen has accepted his mission without question. But not without risk . . . or sacrifice. Because Shadea a Ru, the ruthless Druid responsible for imprisoning the true Ard Rhys and usurping leadership at Paranor, has sent her agents and assassins in relentless pursuit of Pen and his comrades. And in securing the talisman he needs to breach the Forbidding, Pen has paid a devastating price. Now if the Free born forces already decimated by the Federation s death dealing new weapon should fall, Shadea s domination of the Four Lands will be assured. Nothing short of Pen s success can turn the tide. But Pen s challenge grows greater when he learns that his parents, Bek Ohmsford and Rue Meridian, have fallen into Shadea s hands. He must try to help them but once within the walls of Druid s Keep, where Shadea s minions and dark magic lurk at every turn, Pen s survival is far from assured. Yet it will all pale in comparison to the horrors that wait inside the Forbidding horrors poised to break free upon the Four Lands when the time is right. . . ."
"Tanequil High Druid of Shannara 2 by Terry Brooks. BONUS This edition contains an excerpt from Terry Brooks's The Measure of the Magic. Events that began in Jarka Ruus, Book One of High Druid of Shannara, come swiftly to a head in this second thrilling volume. Alliances are made, trusts are betrayed, and prices are paid. Through it all, Terry Brooks orchestrates the action with the flawless hand of a master mythmaker fashioning another exquisite link in his chain of bestselling epics. Loyal to none but herself and lethal even to those closest to her, Shadea a Ru now holds sway as High Druid of Paranor her ascension to power all but unchallenged in the wake of Grianne Ohmsford s sudden, mysterious vanishing. Only Shadea and her catspaw the treacherous Prime Minister Sen Dunsidan know the secret fate of the true Ard Rhys . . . for it was they who engineered it, by means of dark magic. And now Grianne languishes in the fearsome and inescapable netherworld called the Forbidding. Their bloodless coup a success, the corrupt pair, and their confederates within the Druid Council, seeks to make their dominion over the Four Lands absolute with the aid of a devastating new weapon. But it could all be undone if Grianne s young nephew, Penderrin, succeeds in his frantic quest to rescue her. Shadea s airship borne minions and the relentless assassin under her command continue their fierce pursuit of Pen and his comrades. Eluding death is only half the battle for Pen. To breach the Forbidding and bring Grianne back to the natural world means finding the fabled Tanequil . . . and the talisman it alone can provide. That means journeying into the Inkrim a dreaded region thick with shadows and haunted by harrowing legends. It also means striking a bargain more dire than Pen could ever imagine. But there can be no turning back. For in her unearthly prison, the Ard Rhys faces a demonic plight too hideous to countenance. . . ."
"The Voyage of the Jerle Shannara Trilogy Voyage of the Jerle Shannara 1 3 by Terry Brooks. The New York Times bestselling author of the classic Shannara epic, Terry Brooks, has proven himself one of the modern masters of fantasy, brilliantly creating breathtaking worlds of magic, adventure, and intrigue. Now, for the first time in one marvelous collector s edition hardcover, here s the complete trilogy of the Voyage of the Jerle Shannara Ilse Witch, Antrax, and Morgawr. In these enchanting novels, a colorful contingent of characters takes to the skies aboard a magnificent airship the Jerle Shannara on a quest fraught with wonder and danger. Ilse Witch A half drowned elf carries a map covered with cryptic symbols and Walker Boh, the last of the Druids, has the skill to decipher them. But someone else understands the map s significance the ruthless Ilse Witch, who will stop at nothing to possess it and the powerful magic it leads to. Antrax While in search of the elusive magic, Walker Boh is lured into a trap caught in a dark maze beneath a ruined city, stalked by a hungry, unseen enemy. It is Antrax a spirit that feeds off enchantment and traps the souls of men. Now the fate of the Four Lands hangs in the balance. Morgawr The intrepid heroes aboard the Jerle Shannara have reached their breaking point. A centuries old sorcerer, the Morgawr, vows to find and control the fabled ancient books of magic and he is an adversary of awesome might with a fleet of airships and a crew of walking dead men at his command. In The Voyage of the Jerle Shannara, Terry Brooks weaves together high adventure, vividly wrought characters, and a spellbinding world into an irresistible story of heroism and sacrifice, love and honor."
"The Heritage of Shannara Heritage of Shannara 1 4 by Terry Brooks. 50 MILLION TERRY BROOKS COPIES SOLD AROUND THE WORLD THE SHANNARA CHRONICLES IS NOW A MAJOR TV SERIES 'Terry's place is at the head of the fantasy world' Philip Pullman Three hundred years have passed in the Four Lands. The Federation now controls all of the Southland. In the West, the Elves have vanished. In the East, the dwarves are enslaved. Par Ohmsford has retained some of the magical powers of his ancestors, although he does not fully understand the way they work. He is troubled by dreams of Allanon, the Druid whose fate has always seemed linked with that of the Ohmsfords. But when he is told of the Shadowen, the greatest danger ever to threaten the Four Lands, he embarks upon a perilous quest to meet the shade of Allanon and to carry his message to the other Scions of Shannara. Praise for Terry Brooks 'A master of the craft . . . required reading' Brent Weeks 'I can't even begin to count how many of Terry Brooks's books I've read and re read over the years' Patrick Rothfuss, author of The Name of the Wind 'I would not be writing epic fantasy today if not for Shannara' Peter V. Brett, author of The Painted Man 'If you haven't read Terry Brooks, you haven't read fantasy' Christopher Paolini, author of Eragon The Heritage of Shannara series THE SCIONS OF SHANNARA THE DRUID OF SHANNARA THE ELF QUEEN OF SHANNARA THE TALISMANS OF SHANNARA"
"Jarka Ruus High Druid of Shannara 1 by Terry Brooks. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER Expect no end of wonders and suspense, no shortage of adventure and enchantment, as Terry Brooks begins the next extraordinary quest in the magical world of Shannara. . . . Twenty years have passed since Grianne Ohmsford denounced her former life as the dreaded Ilse Witch. Fulfilling the destiny predicted for her, she has established the Third Druid Council and dedicated herself to its goals of peace, harmony among the races, and defense of the Four Lands. But despite her devotion to the greater good as Ard Rhys, the High Druid of Paranor, Grianne still has bitter enemies. Even her few allies chief among them her trusted servant Tagwen know of the plots against her. But they could never anticipate the sudden, ominous disappearance of the Ard Rhys, in the dead of night and without a trace. Now Tagwen joins Grianne s brave young nephew, Pen Ohmsford, and the wise, powerful elf Ahren Elessedil on a desperate and dangerous mission of search and rescue to deliver the High Druid of Shannara from an unspeakable fate. BONUS This edition contains an excerpt from Terry Brooks's The Measure of the Magic. Terry Brooks is off on another Shannara adventure . . . and the ride, as always, is pleasurable. Contra Costa Times A sure winner . . . Brooks proves himselfa master at reworking and enriching theconventions of fantasy. Booklist"
"Ilse Witch Voyage of the Jerle Shannara 1 by Terry Brooks. For more than twenty years, New York Times bestselling author Terry Brooks has proven himself one of the modern masters of fantasy, winning the hearts and minds of devoted readers around the world with his classic Shannara epic. When a half drowned elf is found floating in the seas of the Blue Divide, an old mystery resurfaces. Thirty years ago, an elven prince led an expedition in search of a legendary magic said to be more powerful than any in the world. Of all those who set out on that ill fated voyage, not one has ever returned. Until now. The rescued elf carries a map covered with mysterious symbols and Walker Boh, the last of the Druids, has the skill to decipher them. But someone else understands the map s significance the Ilse Witch, a ruthless young woman who wields a magic as potent as his own. She will stop at nothing to possess the map and the magic it leads to. Return to the world of beloved novelist Terry Brooks, where creatures drift up from the earth like mist, a hypnotic song can kill, a sword can cut through a veil of lies and one man, the true heir of an ancient magic, must choose between betrayal and redemption. BONUS This edition contains an excerpt from Terry Brooks's The Measure of the Magic."
First King of Shannara The Original Shannara Trilogy 0 by Terry Brooks. No description available
The Elf Queen of Shannara Heritage of Shannara 3 by Terry Brooks. No description available
"The Druids' Keep The Sword of Shannara 2 by Terry Brooks. Specially packaged for readers 12 and up, The Druids' Keep is the second volume in the Sword of Shannara series."
The Elfstones of Shannara The Original Shannara Trilogy 2 by Terry Brooks. No description available
In the Shadow of the Warlock Lord The Sword of Shannara 1 by Terry Brooks. No description available
Ferdydurke by Witold Gombrowicz Danuta Borchardt. No description available
Cosmos and Pornografia Two Novels by Witold Gombrowicz Alastair Hamilton Eric Mosbacher. No description available
Cosmos by Witold Gombrowicz Danuta Borchardt. No description available
"Bacacay by Witold Gombrowicz Bill Johnston. Non c' autore pi insofferente alle convenzioni di Witold Gombrowicz. I suoi racconti, qui raccolti integralmente per la prima volta in Italia, sono una sintesi perfetta della sua satira conturbante, della sua visione grottesca del mondo, delle sue narrazioni paradossali e stridenti, della sua capacit di dare vita a figure irregolari e assurde, in grado di frantumare in pochi istanti le regole su cui poggia la societ . Attraverso un linguaggio levigato, in cui rimbalzano giochi di parole e neologismi, Gombrowicz fa sfilare in queste pagine come in una folle parata un antisemita che si scopre figlio di un'ebrea convertita, un marito che disprezza l'avvenente moglie per perdersi dietro alle gambotte storte e fregiate di venuzze delle donne di servizio, un magistrato paranoico, una donna pazza di desiderio fidanzata con un vergine determinato a rimanere tale, un bandito terrorizzato dalla rattit dei ratti, un re corrotto fino alla follia, un giovane conte che trova interesse solo nelle radio. Una dissacrante rassegna di anormali che, alternando il comico e il tragico, mette alla berlina le convenzioni borghesi e i tic dell'aristocrazia, il moralismo e la famiglia, il romanzo tradizionale e le opere edificanti. In queste storie tutto messo in discussione quella di Gombrowicz una lettura ironica e disillusa della realt che non risparmia n la letteratura, n i sentimenti. E, come testimonia il suo racconto pi autobiografico, nemmeno se stesso Alla domanda se, come scrittore, intendo continuare a migliorare per lo Spirito, la Cultura, l'Arte ecc., rispondo no, no, assolutamente no! ."
"McSweeney's 12 by Dave Eggers Roddy Doyle McSweeney's Publishing. A hilarious collection from McSweeney's that achieves the sensation of being hit by a hip, humorous train.... Breaks mold after mold in hilarious fashion The New York Times . Now more than ever, Americans are troubled by questions. As sweaty modernity thrusts itself upon us, the veil of ignorance that cloaked our nation hangs in tatters, tattered tatters. Our funny bones are neither fun nor bony. Glum is the new giddy, and the old giddy wasn't too giddy to begin with. What can be done to stop this relentless march of drabbery? Nothing. But perhaps this book can be used to dull the pain. Included herein The Ten Worst Films of All Time, as Reviewed by Ezra Pound over Italian Radio Unused Audio Commentary by Howard Zinn and Noam Chomsky, Recorded Summer 2002, for The Lord of the Rings Fellowship of the Ring DVD Platinum Series Extended Edition , Part One. How Important Moments in My Life Would Have Been Different If I Was Shot in the Stomach My Beard, Reviewed Circumstances under Which I Would Have Sex with Some of My Fellow Jurors"
A Midwife's Tale The Life of Martha Ballard Based on Her Diary 1785 1812 by Laurel Thatcher Ulrich. No description available
The Midwife's Apprentice by Karen Cushman. No description available
Heart Hands A Midwife's Guide to Pregnancy Birth by Elizabeth Davis Suzanne Arms. No description available
A Midwife's Story by Sheryl Feldman Penny Armstrong. No description available
The Midwife's Tale by Gretchen Moran Laskas. No description available
Varney's Pocket Midwife by Jan M. Kriebs Carolyn L. Gegor. No description available
"McSweeney's 24 by Dave Eggers Christopher R. Howard Jonathan Ames Joe Meno Eric Hanson. A hilarious collection from McSweeney's that achieves the sensation of being hit by a hip, humorous train.... Breaks mold after mold in hilarious fashion The New York Times . Now more than ever, Americans are troubled by questions. As sweaty modernity thrusts itself upon us, the veil of ignorance that cloaked our nation hangs in tatters, tattered tatters. Our funny bones are neither fun nor bony. Glum is the new giddy, and the old giddy wasn't too giddy to begin with. What can be done to stop this relentless march of drabbery? Nothing. But perhaps this book can be used to dull the pain. Included herein The Ten Worst Films of All Time, as Reviewed by Ezra Pound over Italian Radio Unused Audio Commentary by Howard Zinn and Noam Chomsky, Recorded Summer 2002, for The Lord of the Rings Fellowship of the Ring DVD Platinum Series Extended Edition , Part One. How Important Moments in My Life Would Have Been Different If I Was Shot in the Stomach My Beard, Reviewed Circumstances under Which I Would Have Sex with Some of My Fellow Jurors"
Billy Budd Sailor and Other Uncompleted Writings by Herman Melville. No description available
Billy Budd Sailor by Herman Melville Harrison Hayford Merton M. Sealts Jr.. No description available
Billy Budd Sailor by Herman Melville. No description available
The Outsider by Richard Wright. No description available
Native Son by Richard Wright. No description available
Later Works Black Boy American Hunger The Outsider by Richard Wright Arnold Rampersad. No description available
Cyrano de Bergerac by Edmond Rostand Eteel Lawson Lowell Bair. No description available
Cyrano de Bergerac by Edmond Rostand Anthony Burgess. No description available
The Inferno of Dante A New Verse Translation Bilingual Edition by Dante Alighieri Robert Pinsky Michael Mazur. No description available
Batman Inferno by Alexander C. Irvine. No description available
Inferno La Divina Commedia 1 by Dante Alighieri Ronald L. Martinez Robert M. Durling Robert Turner. No description available
Dante's Inferno by Dante Alighieri Mark Musa. No description available
The Stranger Beside Me Ted Bundy The Shocking Inside Story by Ann Rule. No description available
The Kindness of Strangers by Katrina Kittle. No description available
Stranger in the Forest On Foot Across Borneo by Eric Hansen. No description available
Strangers In Paradise Pocket Book 5 by Terry Moore. No description available
The Strangers in the House by Georges Simenon P.D. James Geoffrey Sainsbury David Watson. No description available
Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger Wayside School 3 by Louis Sachar. No description available
Strangers by Dean Koontz. No description available
Strangers on a Train by Patricia Highsmith. No description available
"Come a Stranger Tillerman Cycle 5 by Cynthia Voigt. A dashed dream leads to a rash decision in the fifth installment of Cynthia Voigt s Tillerman cycle. Mina Smiths lives to dance, so her scholarship to ballet camp seems like a dream come true. She doesn t even mind being the only black girl in the troupe that is, until she is told she ll never be a classical dancer. It s then that Mina begins to face some difficult truths about race and identity and transfers her passion for dance to Tamer Shipp, the summer minister for her church. The problem is, he s a grown man with a family, but she can t stop wishing for more to their friendship than simply pastor and parishioner. Cynthia Voigt s incomparable mastery of character and community shines forth in this stirring novel from her acclaimed Tillerman cycle."
Exile and the Kingdom by Albert Camus Carol Cosman Orhan Pamuk. No description available
A Happy Death by Albert Camus Richard Howard Jean Sarocchi. No description available
Lyrical and Critical Essays by Albert Camus Ellen Conroy Kennedy Philip Thody. No description available
L' tranger by Albert Camus. No description available
Outsider by Albert Camus. No description available
Caligula and Three Other Plays by Albert Camus. No description available
The Possessed by Albert Camus Justin O'Brien. No description available
Caligula by Albert Camus Pierre Louis Rey P. Morgan E.T. Jones. No description available
Introducing Camus by David Zane Mairowitz Alain Korkos. No description available
Notebooks 1935 1951 by Albert Camus Philip Thody Justin O'Brien. No description available
Existential Meditation by Simon Cleveland. No description available
The Plague by Albert Camus Robin Buss. No description available
Le mythe de Sisyphe by Albert Camus. No description available
Marvel 1602 by Neil Gaiman Andy Kubert Richard Isanove Peter Sanderson Todd Klein. No description available
Galapagos A Natural History by Michael H. Jackson. No description available
Ecuador the Galapagos Islands by Danny Palmerlee Carolyn McCarthy Michael Grosberg Lonely Planet. No description available
Breakfast of Champions by Robert Egan Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. No description available
Seabiscuit The Saga of a Great Champion by B.K. Beckwith Howard Brodie Grantland Rice. No description available
One Door Away from Heaven by Dean Koontz. No description available
Dark Rivers of the Heart Sole Survivor Intensity by Dean Koontz. No description available
The Amateur Marriage by Anne Tyler. No description available
El matrimonio amateur by Anne Tyler Gemma Rovira. No description available
Angel Christmas by Carole Nelson Douglas Emma Merritt Marilyn Campbell Patricia Rice Mary Balogh. No description available
"Sideways Stories from Wayside School Wayside School 1 by Louis Sachar Adam McCauley. All four books in the beloved Wayside School series by bestselling and Newbery Medal winning author Louis Sachar are now available in this collectible set! This paperback box set features all four books, each with new cover and interior art and full of hilarious stories, zany art, and a quadruple serving of absurdity. More than fifteen million readers have laughed at the stories of Sideways Stories from Wayside School, Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger, Wayside School Is Falling Down, and the newly released Wayside School Beneath the Cloud of Doom. So what are you waiting for? Come visit Wayside School!"
Sideways by Rex Pickett. No description available
Sideways Arithmetic from Wayside School Wayside School 2.5 by Louis Sachar. No description available
The Sideways Guide to Wine and Life by Alexander Payne Jim Taylor. No description available
"More Sideways Arithmetic from Wayside School Wayside School 2.6 by Louis Sachar. Welcome back to maths class at Wayside School. How much is PEPPERS PIG LIPS? If Jenny's shirt has sparkles on it, will Todd have egg in his hair? These Sideways Arithmetic problems may look puzzling at first, but you can use real maths to solve them, and the answers are perfectly logical. There are lots of clues and hints, plus all the answers are right there in the book. Best of all, the children you have read about in the other books about Wayside School are here to help you! Try solving these, and more than fifty other maths brainteasers, along with the kids from Mrs. Jewls's class. You'll learn a lot about maths but you'll be laughing too much to notice!"
Sideways The Shooting Script by Alexander Payne Jim Taylor. No description available
White Man's Grave by Richard Dooling. No description available
Charms for the Easy Life by Kaye Gibbons. No description available
"Hour Game Sean King Michelle Maxwell 2 by David Baldacci. A man accused of burglary seems innocent . . . but in this 1 New York Times bestseller, two ex Secret Service agents quickly learn that nothing is more dangerous than the truth. A woman is found murdered in the woods. It seems like a simple case but it soon escalates into a terrible nightmare. Someone is replicating the killing styles of the most infamous murderers of all time. No one knows this criminal's motives...or who will die next. Two ex Secret Service agents, Sean King and Michelle Maxwell, have been hired to defend a man's innocence in a burglary involving an aristocratic family. Then a series of secrets leads the partners right into the frantic hunt that is confounding even the FBI. Now King and Maxwell are playing the Hour Game, uncovering one horrifying revelation after another and putting their lives in danger. For the closer they get to the truth, the closer they get to the most shocking surprise of all."
House of Sand and Fog by Andre Dubus III Fontaine Dollas Dubus. No description available
My War Gone by I Miss It So by Anthony Loyd. No description available
Will You Miss Me When I'm Gone? The Carter Family and Their Legacy in American Music by Mark Zwonitzer Charles Hirshberg. No description available
Bird Songs Of North America by Les Beletsky Jon L. Dunn. No description available
National Geographic Field Guide to the Birds of North America by National Geographic Society Jon L. Dunn Jonathan Alderfer. No description available
Fugitive Pieces by Anne Michaels. No description available
Theories of Relativity by Barbara Haworth Attard. No description available
Relativity The Special and the General Theory by Albert Einstein Nigel Calder Robert W. Lawson. No description available
Relativity The Special and the General Theory The Masterpiece Science Edition by Albert Einstein Roger Penrose Robert Geroch David C. Cassidy. No description available
Mirror Mirror by Gregory Maguire. No description available
"Unnatural Exposure Kay Scarpetta 8 by Patricia Cornwell. Kay Scarpetta finds herself pitted against a possible bioterrorist in this suspense filled read from 1 New York Times bestselling author Patricia Cornwell. When a woman turns up dismembered in a landfill, Scarpetta initially suspects the work of a serial killer she s been tracking. But her investigation turns far more dangerous when she realizes the victim s skin is covered in an unusual rash and Scarpetta herself may have just been exposed to a deadly virus."
Estado De Miedo by Michael Crichton. No description available
Mugglenet.Com's What Will Happen in Harry Potter 7 Who Lives Who Dies Who Falls in Love and How Will the Adventure Finally End? by Ben Schoen Andy Gordon Gretchen Stull Emerson Spartz Jamie Lawrence. No description available
Harry Potter y el misterio del pr ncipe Harry Potter 6 by J.K. Rowling Gemma Rovira Ortega. Taitulo original Harry Potter and the half blood Prince T.p. verso.
"Harry Potter y la Orden del F nix Harry Potter 5 by J.K. Rowling. Las tediosas vacaciones de verano en la casa de los t os de Harry todav a no han acabado cuando Harry presiente que algo extra o est sucediento en academia Hogwarts. Cuando por fin comienza otro curso en el famoso colegio de magia y hechicer a, sus temores vuelven realidad."
Ultimate Unofficial Guide to the Mysteries of Harry Potter Analysis of Books 1 4 by Galadriel Waters Astre Mithrandir. No description available
Harrius Potter et Philosophi Lapis by J.K. Rowling Peter Needham. No description available
"Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Harry Potter 2 by J.K. Rowling Mary GrandPr. 'There is a plot, Harry Potter. A plot to make most terrible things happen at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year.' Harry Potter's summer has included the worst birthday ever, doomy warnings from a house elf called Dobby, and rescue from the Dursleys by his friend Ron Weasley in a magical flying car! Back at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry for his second year, Harry hears strange whispers echo through empty corridors and then the attacks start. Students are found as though turned to stone... Dobby's sinister predictions seem to be coming true. Having become classics of our time, the Harry Potter eBooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. With their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the Boy Who Lived continues to delight generations of new readers."
Harrius Potter et Camera Secretorum by J.K. Rowling Peter Needham. No description available
La historia de la familia Roccamatio de Helsinki by Yann Martel Bianca Southwood. No description available
An Instance of the Fingerpost by Iain Pears. No description available
Tears of the Giraffe No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 2 by Alexander McCall Smith. No description available
Friends Lovers Chocolate Isabel Dalhousie 2 by Alexander McCall Smith. No description available
The Right Attitude to Rain Isabel Dalhousie 3 by Alexander McCall Smith. No description available
"The Sunday Philosophy Club Isabel Dalhousie 1 by Alexander McCall Smith. Introducing the new series from the international bestselling author of The No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency books the Sunday Philosophy Club series is set in Edinburgh, Scotland, and stars Isabel Dalhousie, editor of The Review of Applied Ethics and part time detective. Isabel enjoys wading through the mysteries of life, everything from the morning s crossword to higher philosophical dilemmas, often with the advice of her ethically upright housekeeper, Grace. In this first novel of the series, Isabel witnesses a young man plunge to his death from the upper balcony of the Edinburgh Concert Hall. When Isabel discovers that the young victim had uncovered illicit activities at the brokerage house where he worked, the hunt for answers, and the killer, is on. This new series is a delightful look at a reasonable and logical woman who keeps getting involved in mysteries despite all reason and logic."
"The Finer Points of Sausage Dogs Portuguese Irregular Verbs 2 by Alexander McCall Smith. A deliciously entertaining new series by the bestselling author of The No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency The many fans of Precious Ramotswe will find further cause for celebration in the protagonist of Alexander McCall Smith s irresistibly funny trilogy, the eminent if shamefully under read philologist Professor Dr. Mortiz Maria von Igelfeld of the Institute at Regensburg. Unnaturally tall, hypersensitive to slights, and oblivious to his own frequent gaucheries, von Igelfeld is engaged in a never ending quest to win the respect he knows is due him. Portuguese Irregular Verbs follows the Professor from a busman s holiday researching old Irish obscenities to a flirtation with a desirable lady dentist. In The Finer Points of Sausage Dogs, von Igelfeld practices veterinary medicine without a license, transports relics for a schismatically challenged Coptic prelate and is mobbed by marriage minded widows on board a Mediterranean cruise ship. In At the Villa of Reduced Circumstances, the final novel in the trilogy, we find our hero suffering the slings of academic intrigue as a visiting fellow at Cambridge, and the slings of outrageous fortune in an eventful Columbian adventure."
Geisha The Life the Voices the Art by Jodi Cobb Ian Buruma. No description available
"True Believers Gregor Demarkian 17 by Jane Haddam. Early one morning at St. Anselm's church in Philadelphia, a parishioner sneaks the body of his dead wife into the sacristy and commits suicide. His wife, a severe diabetic, is assumed to have died of natural causes until the coroner discovers arsenic poisoning. The police are sure her husband was responsible, but one of the nuns at St. Anselm's doesn't and asks Gregor Demarkian, retired head of the FBI's Behavioral Science Unit, to investigate. With tensions mounting among the city's religious groups, Demarkian's lover Bennis undergoing a crisis of her own, and the denizens of Demarkian's Armenian American neighborhood Cavanaugh Street involved in various uproars of their own, Demarkian is facing the most difficult case of his career."
"At First Sight Jeremy Marsh Lexie Darnell 2 by Nicholas Sparks. In this 1 New York Times bestselling follow up to True Believer, a young couple's love faces the ultimate test when the past disrupts the life and family they've built together. There are a few things Jeremy Marsh was sure he'd never do he'd never leave New York City never give his heart away again after barely surviving one failed marriage and, most of all, never become a parent. Now, Jeremy is living in the tiny town of Boone Creek, North Carolina, married to Lexie Darnell, the love of his life, and anticipating the birth of their daughter. But just as his life seems to be settling into a blissful pattern, an unsettling and mysterious message re opens old wounds and sets off a chain of events that will forever change the course of this young couple's marriage. Dramatic, heartbreaking and surprising, this is a story about the love between a man and a woman and between a parent and a child. More than that, it is a story that beautifully portrays how the same emotion that can break your heart is also the one that will ultimately heal it. While the novel picks up the tale of Lexie Darnell and Jeremy Marsh that started in True Believer and will delight fans of that novel, it stands on its own as one of Nicholas Sparks's most deeply moving love stories."
The Guardian by Nicholas Sparks. No description available
Wokini A Lakota Journey to Happiness and Self Understanding by Billy Mills Nicholas Sparks. No description available
The Notebook The Notebook 1 by Nicholas Sparks. No description available
tout jamais by Nicholas Sparks. No description available
Weg der Tr ume by Nicholas Sparks Maja Ueberle Pfaff. No description available
Noches de tormenta by Nicholas Sparks Isabel Margel. No description available
True Believer by Nicholas Sparks. No description available
The Patron Saint of Liars by Ann Patchett. No description available
Because It Is Bitter and Because It Is My Heart by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
The Female of the Species Tales of Mystery and Suspense by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
The Falls by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
The Assignation Stories by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
The Gravedigger's Daughter by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
Middle Age A Romance by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
Black Water by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
Blonde by Joyce Carol Oates Claude Seban. No description available
The Museum of Dr. Moses Tales of Mystery and Suspense by Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
"A Garden of Earthly Delights Wonderland Quartet 1 by Joyce Carol Oates Elaine Showalter. A masterly work from a writer with the uncanny ability to give us a cinemascopic vision of her America National Review , A Garden of Earthly Delights is the opening stanza in what would become one of the most powerful and engrossing story arcs in literature. Joyce Carol Oates s Wonderland Quartet comprises four remarkable novels that explore social class in America and the inner lives of young Americans. In A Garden of Earthly Delights, Oates presents one of her most memorable heroines, Clara Walpole, the beautiful daughter of Kentucky born migrant farmworkers. Desperate to rise above her haphazard existence of violence and poverty, determined not to repeat her mother s life, Clara struggles for independence by way of her relationships with four very different men her father, a family man turned itinerant laborer, smoldering with resentment the mysterious Lowry, who rescues Clara as a teenager and offers her the possibility of love Revere, a wealthy landowner who provides Clara with stability and Swan, Clara s son, who bears the psychological and spiritual burden of his mother s ambition. A Garden of Earthly Delights is the first novel in the Wonderland Quartet. The books that complete this acclaimed series, Expensive People, them, and Wonderland, are also available from the Modern Library."
Paradise Lost by John Milton John Leonard. No description available
Paradise Lost by John Milton Philip Pullman. No description available
Paradise Lost by John Milton Gordon Teskey. No description available
"Paradise Second Opportunities 1 by Judith McNaught. It's all about that second chance... Sometimes we're lucky enough to get that second chance in life and in love. That Second Chance Series are stories of strong women who battle heartache and loss with courage and determination to find new paths and true love. These books are standalones and are NOT related. Therefore, the characters from one story will not appear in another. What ties them together? A common theme belief in the beauty of that second chance. Paradise Found is Book Four of That Second Chance Series. How does one see truly with the heart or with the eyes? Matt Brandon has it all wealth, power, looks, and talent. Women want him, men want to be like him. When a freak ski accident strips him of one of life's most basic needs his sight he struggles to accept the possibility that his blindness may be permanent. Enter, psychologist, Sara Hamilton, a woman who has known her own share of grief and loss and may just be the one person who can help Matt redefine his new world. Sara is every woman's woman she's not a toothpick or a Cosmo girl, has never been prom queen, or dated the blond haired god with the big white teeth. She's honest and decent and real...and lives on the perimeter, applauding her patients' successes, nursing them through their failures, but never acknowledging or accepting her own lackings. She's loved and lost once and has been so emotionally scarred, she's not willing to risk those feelings again. Of course, she's never met a man like Matt Brandon. As Matt and Sara explore the delicate balance between 'blind' trust and hope, they will discover that sometimes you have to lose everything to find what you are truly looking for... That Second Chance Series Book One Pulling Home Book Two The Way They Were Book Three Simple Riches Book Four Paradise Found"
Last Train to Paradise Henry Flagler and the Spectacular Rise and Fall of the Railroad that Crossed an Ocean by Les Standiford. No description available
Milton's Paradise Lost by John Milton Gustave Dor. No description available
The Trouble with the Pears An Intimate Portrait of Erzsebet Bathory by Gia Bathory Al Babel. No description available
Mary Queen of Scotland and The Isles by Margaret George. No description available
When the Elephants Dance by Tess Uriza Holthe. No description available
A Thread of Grace by Mary Doria Russell. No description available
The Piano Shop on the Left Bank Discovering a Forgotten Passion in a Paris Atelier by Thad Carhart. No description available
The Dive From Clausen's Pier by Ann Packer. No description available
The Dive from Clausen's Pier by Ann Packer. No description available
A Dubious Codicil by Michael Wharton. No description available
The Awakening and Selected Stories by Kate Chopin Cynthia Brantley Johnson Alyssa Harad. No description available
Complete Novels and Stories by Kate Chopin Sandra M. Gilbert. No description available
Beowulf Grendel The Truth Behind England's Oldest Legend by John Grigsby. No description available
Grendel Devil by the Deed by Matt Wagner Rich Rankin Chris Pitzer Diana Schutz. No description available
Fuselfieber by David Sedaris Harry Rowohlt. No description available
Mi vida en rose by David Sedaris. No description available
"A Dance to the Music of Time 4th Movement A Dance to the Music of Time 10 12 by Anthony Powell. Movement 2. The rumble of distant events in Germany and Spain presages the storm of WWII. In England, even as the whirl of marriages and adulteries, fashions and frivolities, personal triumphs and failures gathers speed, men and women find themselves on the brink of fateful choices."
Anthony Powell A Life by Michael Barber. No description available
A Dance to the Music of Time 1st Movement A Dance to the Music of Time 1 3 by Anthony Powell. Powell's monumental 12 part series traces the lives of a wide variety of characters in London from World War I until the 1960s.
A Dance to the Music of Time 3rd Movement A Dance to the Music of Time 7 9 by Anthony Powell. No description available
A Dance to the Music of Time 2nd Movement A Dance to the Music of Time 4 6 by Anthony Powell. Powell's monumental 12 part series traces the lives of a wide variety of characters in London from World War I until the 1960s.
Titan The Life of John D. Rockefeller Sr. by Ron Chernow. No description available
Alexander Hamilton by Ron Chernow. No description available
The House of Morgan An American Banking Dynasty and the Rise of Modern Finance by Ron Chernow. No description available
Ego and Hubris The Michael Malice Story by Harvey Pekar Gary Dumm. No description available
Empire of the Senseless by Kathy Acker. No description available
Great Expectations by Kathy Acker. No description available
Desert Queen The Extraordinary Life of Gertrude Bell Adventurer Adviser to Kings Ally of Lawrence of Arabia by Janet Wallach. No description available
Queen of the Scene by Queen Latifah Frank Morrison. No description available
The Red Queen Sex and the Evolution of Human Nature by Matt Ridley. No description available
The Sweet Potato Queens' Big Ass Cookbook and Financial Planner by Jill Conner Browne. No description available
"Dairy Queen Dairy Queen 1 by Catherine Gilbert Murdock. As the Queen of Dairy , DQ captures the hearts and bellies of ice cream lovers worldwide. Dairy Queen began by selling soft serve ice cream cones with a curl on top. Soon, malts, shakes, banana splits, and more treats were added to the menu. Today, DQ has more than 6,000 stores that offer a variety of items, from thick Blizzards to crispy Chicken Strip Baskets. Readers will enjoy learning about Dairy Queen's history in this flavorful title for eager minds."
Sex with the Queen 900 Years of Vile Kings Virile Lovers and Passionate Politics by Eleanor Herman. No description available
"The Boleyn Inheritance The Plantagenet and Tudor Novels 10 by Philippa Gregory. From the New York Times bestselling author of The Other Boleyn Girl comesa tempestuous Tudor tale about two queens, Anne of Cleves and Catherine Parr, and the woman who destroys them both."
"The Constant Princess The Plantagenet and Tudor Novels 6 by Philippa Gregory. A fictional portrait of Henry VIII's first wife, Katherine of Aragon, follows her through her youthful marriage to Henry's older brother, Arthur, her widowhood, her marriage to Henry, and the divorce that led to Henry's marriage to Anne Boleyn."
"The Favored Child The Wideacre Trilogy 2 by Philippa Gregory. From 1 New York Times bestselling author and queen of royal fiction USA TODAY Philippa Gregory comes the thrilling sequel to the New York Times bestseller Wideacre as the once great Lacey estate is restored to its former grandeur though not without cost. The Wideacre estate is bankrupt. The villagers are living in poverty and formerly stunning hall is a smoke blackened ruin. But, in the Dower House nearby, two children are being raised in protected innocence. Equal claimants to the estate, rivals for the love of the village, they are tied by a secret childhood betrothal but forbidden to marry. Only one can be the favored child only one can inherit the magical understanding between the land and the Lacey family that can make the Sussex village grow green again. Only one can be Beatrice Lacey s true heir. Sensual, gripping, and mystical, The Favored Child irresistibly sweeps the reader into a world of secrets, betrayals, and power in this revolutionary period of English history."
"The Virgin's Lover The Plantagenet and Tudor Novels 13 by Philippa Gregory. From 1 New York Times bestselling author and queen of royal fiction USA TODAY comes a riveting and scandalous love triangle between a young woman on the brink of greatness, a young man whose ambition far exceeds his means, and the wife who cannot forgive them. In the autumn of 1558, church bells across England ring out the joyous news that Elizabeth I is the new queen, yet one woman hears the tidings with utter dread. She is Amy Dudley, wife of Sir Robert, and she knows that Elizabeth s ambitious leap to the throne will draw her husband back to the center of the glamorous Tudor court, where he was born to be. Elizabeth s excited triumph is short lived. She has inherited a bankrupt country where treason is rampant and foreign war a certainty. Her faithful advisors warns her that she will survive only if she marries a strong prince to govern the rebellious country, but the one man Elizabeth desires is her childhood friend, the ambitious Robert Dudley. As the young couple falls back in love, a question hangs in the air can he really set aside his wife and marry the queen? When Amy is found dead, Elizabeth and Dudley are suddenly plunged into a struggle for survival."
"Virgin Earth Tradescant 2 by Philippa Gregory. In this enthralling, freestanding sequel to Earthly Joys, New York Times bestselling author Philippa Gregory combines a wealth of gardening knowledge with a haunting love story that spans two continents and two cultures, making Virgin Earth a tour de force of revolutionary politics and passionate characters. As England descends into civil war, John Tradescant the Younger, gardener to King Charles I, finds his loyalties in question, his status an ever growing danger to his family. Fearing royal defeat and determined to avoid serving the rebels, John escapes to the royalist colony of Virginia, a land bursting with fertility that stirs his passion for botany. Only the native American peoples understand the forest, and John is drawn to their way of life just as they come into fatal conflict with the colonial settlers. Torn between his loyalty to his country and family and his love for a Powhatan girl who embodies the freedom he seeks, John has to find himself before he is prepared to choose his direction in the virgin land."
The Wise Woman by Philippa Gregory. No description available
Meridon The Wideacre Trilogy 3 by Philippa Gregory. No description available
The Little House by Philippa Gregory. No description available
"Wideacre The Wideacre Trilogy 1 by Philippa Gregory. Set in 18th century England, Wideacre introduces Beatrice Lacey, a heroine who makes Scarlett O'Hara look like a simpering weakling. Readers will fall in love with Philippa Gregory's mesmerizing trilogy."
Un caf lejos de aqu by Z.Z. Packer Mar a P rez L pez de Heredia. No description available
You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train A Personal History of Our Times by Howard Zinn. No description available
Declarations of Independence Cross Examining American Ideology by Howard Zinn. No description available
Citas Celestiales by Alexander McCall Smith Marta Torent L pez de Lamadrid. No description available
Ella Minnow Pea A Novel in Letters by Mark Dunn. No description available
Daisy Miller and Other Stories by Henry James Jean Gooder. No description available
The Turn of the Screw Daisy Miller by Henry James. No description available
The Hot Zone The Terrifying True Story of the Origins of the Ebola Virus by Richard Preston. No description available
The Hot Zone The Chilling True Story of an Ebola Outbreak by Richard Preston. No description available
Gardening with a Wild Heart Restoring California's Native Landscapes at Home by Judith Larner Lowry. No description available
"Teacher's Pet Wild at Heart 7 by Laurie Halse Anderson. Compact Preliminary for Schools is a focused, 50 60 hour course for Cambridge English Preliminary for Schools, also known as Preliminary English Test PET . The Teacher's Book supports teachers with lesson preparation ideas and features CLIL extension tasks. It contains full answer keys, with model answers for the writing tasks, and audioscripts for both the Student's Book and Workbook. Photocopiable Progress tests are also included."
"Homeless Wild at Heart 2 by Laurie Halse Anderson Mark Salisbury. Sunita has always wanted a cat, but her parents are dead set against it. Then she finds a group of strays living in the wild, and knows she can domesticate them even though she s been told that these are feral cats, who see humans as their enemies. First, she convinces Dr. Mac to examine the cats, fix them, and give them shots. Then she wants to re release the cats, now healthy, into the neighborhood. The problem is, the neighbors consider the cats dangerous pests. Will Sunita's plan backfire?"
Hear the Wind Blow by Mary Downing Hahn. No description available
"Case Histories Jackson Brodie 1 by Kate Atkinson. The first book in Kate Atkinson's Jackson Brodie Mysteries series, called The best mystery of the decade by Stephen King, finds private investigator Jackson Brodie following three seemingly unconnected family mysteries in Edinburg. Case one A little girl goes missing in the night. Case two A beautiful young office worker falls victim to a maniac's apparently random attack. Case three A new mother finds herself trapped in a hell of her own making with a very needy baby and a very demanding husband until a fit of rage creates a grisly, bloody escape. Thirty years after the first incident, as private investigator Jackson Brodie begins investigating all three cases, startling connections and discoveries emerge . . ."
Three Case Histories by Sigmund Freud Philip Rieff. No description available
"Michael Tolliver Lives Tales of the City 7 by Armistead Maupin. Having survived the plague that took so many of his friends and lovers, Michael has learned to embrace the random pleasures of life, the tender alliances that sustain him in the hardest of times."
"Back to Barbary Lane The Tales of the City Omnibus Tales of the City 4 6 by Armistead Maupin. By turns hilarious and heartbreaking, Armistead Maupin's bestselling Tales of the City novels the fourth, fifth and sixth of which are collected in this second omnibus volume stand as an incomparable blend of great storytelling and incisive social commentary on American culture from the seventies through the first two decades of the new millennium. Tearing through the tales one after the other, as I did, allows instant gratification it also lets you appreciate how masterfully they're constructed. No matter what Maupin writes next, he can look back on the rare achievement of having built a little world and made it run. Walter Kendrick, Village Voice Literary Supplement Armistead Maupin's uproarious and moving Tales of the City novels have earned a unique niche in American literature and are considered indelible documents of cultural change from the seventies through the first two decades of the new millennium. The nine classic comedies, some of which originally appeared as serials in San Francisco newspapers, won Maupin critical acclaim around the world and enthralled legions of devoted fans. Back to Barbary Lane comprises the second omnibus of the series Babycakes 1984 , Significant Others 1987 , and Sure of You 1989 continuing the saga of the tenants, past and present, of Mrs. Madrigal's beloved apartment house on Russian Hill. While the first trilogy celebrated the carefree excesses of the seventies, this volume tracks its hapless, all too human cast across the eighties a decade troubled by plague, deceit, and overweening ambition. Like its companion volumes, 28 Barbary Lane and Goodbye, Barbary Lane, Back to Barbary Lane is distinguished by what The Guardian of London has called some of the sharpest and most speakable dialogue you are ever likely to read."
The Intuitionist by Colson Whitehead. No description available
John Henry Days by Colson Whitehead. No description available
Why Are All The Black Kids Sitting Together in the Cafeteria? A Psychologist Explains the Development of Racial Identity by Beverly Daniel Tatum. No description available
The Custard Kid Black Cats by Terry Deary. No description available
The Magus by John Fowles. No description available
The Magus of Freemasonry The Mysterious Life of Elias Ashmole Scientist Alchemist and Founder of the Royal Society by Tobias Churton. No description available
The Myth of the Magus Canto Original by Elizabeth M. Butler. No description available
"Cards on the Table Hercule Poirot 15 by Agatha Christie. Mr. Shaitana is famous as a flamboyant party host. Nevertheless, he is a man of whom everybody is a little afraid. So when he boasts to Hercule Poirot that he considers murder an art form, the detective has some reservations about accepting a party invitation to view Shaitana s private collection. Indeed, what begins as an absorbing evening of bridge is to turn into a more dangerous game altogether."
"A Murder Is Announced Miss Marple 5 by Agatha Christie. Miss Marple confronts a murder that is advertised as a game in the Gazette at Little Paddocks. The lights go out, a man appears with a gun, shots are heard then it's clear it isn't a game."
And Then There Were None by Agatha Christie. No description available
"Sleeping Murder Miss Marple 13 by Agatha Christie. Soon after Gwenda moved into her new home, odd things started to happen. Despite her best efforts to modernize the house, she only succeeded in dredging up its past. Worse, she felt an irrational sense of terror every time she climbed the stairs. In fear, Gwenda turned to Miss Marple to exorcise her ghosts. Between them, they were to solve a perfect crime committed many years before."
Agatha Christie An Autobiography by Agatha Christie Robert Welch Herrick. No description available
"Murder on the Orient Express Hercule Poirot 10 by Agatha Christie. An international cast of suspects, all passengers on the crowded train, are speeding through the snowy European landscape when a bizarre and terrible murder brings them to an abrupt halt. One of their glittering number lies dead in his cabin, stabbed a mysterious twelve times. There is no lack of clues for Poirot but which clue is real and which is a clever plant? Poirot realises that this time he is dealing with a murderer of enormous cunning and that in a case frought with fear and inconstencies only one thing is certain the murderer is still aboard the train waiting to strike again."
"Evil Under the Sun Hercule Poirot 24 by Agatha Christie. The classic Evil Under the Sun, one of the most famous of Agatha Christie s Poirot investigations, has the fastidious sleuth on the trail of the killer of a sun bronzed beauty whose death brings some rather shocking secrets into the light. The beautiful bronzed body of Arlena Stuart lay face down on the beach. But strangely, there was no sun and Arlena was not sunbathing she had been strangled. Ever since Arlena s arrival the air had been thick with sexual tension. Each of the guests had a motive to kill her, including Arlena s new husband. But Hercule Poirot suspects that this apparent crime of passion conceals something much more evil."
Hallowe'en Party Hercule Poirot 39 by Agatha Christie. No description available
"One Two Buckle My Shoe Hercule Poirot 23 by Agatha Christie Hugh Fraser. Even the great detective Hercule Poirot harbored a deep and abiding fear of the dentist, so it was with some trepidation that he arrived at the celebrated Dr. Morley s surgery for a dental examination. But what neither of them knew was that only hours later Poirot would be back to examine the dentist, found dead in his own surgery. Turning to the other patients for answers, Poirot finds other, darker, questions."
A Caribbean Mystery by Agatha Christie Rosalind Ayres. No description available
Crooked House by Agatha Christie. No description available
The Body in the Library Miss Marple 3 by Agatha Christie. No description available
Witness for the Prosecution and Selected Plays by Agatha Christie. No description available
"The A.B.C. Murders Hercule Poirot 13 by Agatha Christie. There s a serial killer on the loose, working his way through the alphabet and the whole country is in a state of panic. A is for Mrs. Ascher in Andover, B is for Betty Barnard in Bexhill, C is for Sir Carmichael Clarke in Churston. With each murder, the killer is getting more confident but leaving a trail of deliberate clues to taunt the proud Hercule Poirot might just prove to be the first, and fatal, mistake."
Partners in Crime Tommy and Tuppence 2 by Agatha Christie. No description available
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd Hercule Poirot 4 by Agatha Christie. No description available
"Dead Man's Folly Hercule Poirot 33 by Agatha Christie David Suchet. When a mock murder game staged for charity threatens to turn into the real thing, the intrepid Hercule Poirot is called in to take part in this Dead Man s Folly, a classic from the queen of suspense, Agatha Christie. Sir George and Lady Stubbs, the hosts of a village fete, hit upon the novel idea of staging a mock murder mystery. In good faith, Ariadne Oliver, the well known crime writer, agrees to organize their murder hunt. Despite weeks of meticulous planning, at the last minute Ariadne calls her friend Hercule Poirot for his expert assistance. Instinctively, she senses that s something sinister is about to happen ."
"Poirot's Early Cases 18 Hercule Poirot Mysteries Hercule Poirot 41 by Agatha Christie Hugh Fraser David Suchet. Hercule Poirot delighted in telling people that he was probably the best detective in the world. So turning back the clock to trace 18 of the cases which helped establish his professional reputation was always going to be a fascinating experience. With his career still in its formative years, the panache with which Hercule Poirot could solve even the most puzzling mystery is obvious. Chronicled by his friend Captain Hastings, these 18 early cases from theft and robbery to kidnapping and murder were all guaranteed to test Poirot's soon to be famous 'little grey cells' to their absolute limit."
"Murder at the Vicarage Miss Marple 1 by Agatha Christie. Colonel Protheroe, St. Mary Mead's most loathed magistrate, has been found shot through the head. It isn't his murder that raises eyebrows, but rather the scandalous secrets it exposes which send Miss Marple on the trail of a killer with something to hide. Reissue."
The Listerdale Mystery And Eleven Other Stories by Agatha Christie Hugh Fraser. No description available
The Mystery of the Blue Train Hercule Poirot 6 by Agatha Christie. No description available
The Unexpected Guest A Play In Two Acts by Agatha Christie. No description available
After the Funeral by Agatha Christie. No description available
"Cat Among the Pigeons Hercule Poirot 34 by Agatha Christie. Welcome to Meadowbank, an exclusive school for privileged young ladies. A fine lot. A dangerous one, too. Two teachers have already bitten the dust. It's obvious to Hercule Poirot that someone is out to scratch Meadowbank's respectable veneer. Publisher."
"The Mysterious Affair at Styles Hercule Poirot 1 by Agatha Christie. The Mysterious Affair at Styles isn t just Agatha Christie s first Poirot novel, it was the only Poirot novel in the public domain until 2019. It was written on a bet that Christie couldn t write a detective novel in which the reader couldn t deduce the criminal. Her attempt laid the foundation for one of literature s most famous detectives. In this novel we re introduced to Poirot as he s settling in to a new life in England. After a woman is murdered at the country estate he s visiting, he has to use his detective skills to catch the criminal. The Mysterious Affair at Styles sets the stage for the Golden Age of Detective Fiction, and has everything you d expect from a story rich in those classic detective fiction tropes. This book is part of the Standard Ebooks project, which produces free public domain ebooks."
Absent in the Spring and Other Novels Mary Westmacott Omnibus 1 Absent in the Spring Giant's Bread The Rose and the Yew Tree by Mary Westmacott Agatha Christie. No description available
Hercule Poirot's Christmas Hercule Poirot 20 by Agatha Christie. No description available
"Black Coffee Hercule Poirot 45.5 by Charles Osborne Agatha Christie. Mystery Thriller Characters 10 males, 3 females Interior Set This little known mystery will surprise and delight Christie fans. The story concerns a physicist named Sir Claude Amory who has come up with a formula for an atom bomb Black Coffee was written in 1934! . In the first act, Sir Claude is poisoned in his coffee, naturally and Hercule Poirot is called in to solve the case. He does so after many wonderful twists and turns in true Christie tradition."
Hercule Poirot's Christmas A BBC Radio 4 Full Cast Dramatisation by Agatha Christie Michael Bakewell Peter Sallis Cyril Luckham Edward De Souza Rachel Gurney Nicky Henson Deryck Guyler. No description available
"Death on the Nile Hercule Poirot 17 by Agatha Christie. A top notch literary brainteaser. New York Times Soon to be a major motion picture sequel to Murder on the Orient Express with a screenplay by Michael Green, directed by and starring Kenneth Branagh alongside Gal Gadot coming February 11, 2022! Beloved detective Hercule Poirot embarks on a journey to Egypt in one of Agatha Christie s most famous mysteries. The tranquility of a luxury cruise along the Nile was shattered by the discovery that Linnet Ridgeway had been shot through the head. She was young, stylish, and beautiful. A girl who had everything . . . until she lost her life. Hercule Poirot recalled an earlier outburst by a fellow passenger I d like to put my dear little pistol against her head and just press the trigger. Yet under the searing heat of the Egyptian sun, nothing is ever quite what it seems. A sweeping mystery of love, jealousy, and betrayal, Death on the Nile is one of Christie s most legendary and timeless works. Death on the Nile is perfect. The Guardian One of her best. . . . First rate entertainment. Kirkus Reviews"
"Mrs. McGinty's Dead Hercule Poirot 30 by Agatha Christie. In Mrs. McGinty s Dead, one of Agatha Christie s most ingenious mysteries, the intrepid Hercule Poirot must look into the case of a brutally murdered landlady. Mrs. McGinty died from a brutal blow to the back of her head. Suspicion falls immediately on her shifty lodger, James Bentley, whose clothes reveal traces of the victim s blood and hair. Yet something is amiss Bentley just doesn t seem like a murderer. Could the answer lie in an article clipped from a newspaper two days before the death? With a desperate killer still free, Hercule Poirot will have to stay alive long enough to find out. . . ."
The Most of P.G. Wodehouse by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
"Full Moon Blandings Castle 7 by P.G. Wodehouse. A Blandings novel When the moon is full at Blandings, strange things happen among them the commissioning of a portrait of The Empress, twice in succession winner in the Fat Pigs Class at the Shropshire Agricultural Show. What better choice of artist, in Lord Emsworth's opinion, than Landseer. The renowned painter of The Stag at Bay may have been dead for decades, but that doesn't prevent Galahad Threepwood from introducing him to the castle or rather introducing Bill Lister, Gally's godson, so desperately in love with Prudence that he's determined to enter Blandings in yet another imposture. Add a gaggle of fearsome aunts, uncles and millionaires, mix in Freddie Threepwood, Beach the Butler and the gardener McAllister, and the moon is full indeed."
"How Right You Are Jeeves Jeeves 12 by P.G. Wodehouse. English comedy with bumbling Bertie Wooster and his all knowing valet, Jeeves."
"Life With Jeeves Jeeves 6 2 4 by P.G. Wodehouse. The definitive edition of the letters many previously unpublished of England s greatest comic writer. P. G. Wodehouse wrote some of the greatest comic masterpieces of all time. So, naturally, we find the same humor and wit in his letters. He offers hilarious accounts of living in England and France, the effects of prohibition, and how to deal with publishers. He even recounts cricket matches played while in a Nazi internment camp Wodehouse wanted to show the stiff upper lip of the British in the toughest situations . Over the years, Wodehouse corresponded with relatives, friends, and some of the greatest figures of the twentieth century Agatha Christie, Ira Gershwin, Evelyn Waugh, George Orwell, and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. The letters are arranged chronologically with intersecting sections of biography written by Sophie Ratcliffe. This is the only book you will need to understand the man behind the characters."
Spring Fever by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Carry On Jeeves Jeeves 3 by P.G. Wodehouse. Jeeves miraculously keeps Bertie and his helpless friends in the good graces of their rich uncles and patches up affairs of the heart just the way he thinks they should be mended.
Lord Emsworth and Others Blandings Castle 5.5 by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
The Mating Season Jeeves 9 by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
"Thank You Jeeves Jeeves 5 by P.G. Wodehouse. While pursuing the love of his life, American heiress Pauline Stoker, Lord 'Chuffy' Chuffnell borrows the services of Jeeves, the perfect gentleman's gentleman. But when Chuffy finds out that Jeeves's employer, Bertie Wooster, was once engaged to Pauline himself until the engagement was broken by her tough egg father, abetted by loony doctor Sir Roderick Glossop such fearsome complications ensue that even Jeeves has difficulty securing a happy ending."
Big Money by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Much Obliged Jeeves by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
The Inimitable Jeeves Jeeves 2 by P.G. Wodehouse. The Inimitable Jeeves is a satire by P.G. Wodehouse. It features a set of 11 humorous short stories where Bertie Wooster and his invaluable male servant Jeeves are tested to the limit.
Thank You Jeeves by P.G. Wodehouse Jonathan Cecil. No description available
Money in the Bank by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
The Luck of the Bodkins by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Joy in the Morning by P.G. Wodehouse Chris Miller. No description available
The Labours of Hercules Hercule Poirot 27 by Agatha Christie Hugh Fraser. No description available
"Dead Man's Folly Hercule Poirot 33 by Agatha Christie. When a mock murder game staged for charity threatens to turn into the real thing, the intrepid Hercule Poirot is called in to take part in this Dead Man s Folly, a classic from the queen of suspense, Agatha Christie. Sir George and Lady Stubbs, the hosts of a village fete, hit upon the novel idea of staging a mock murder mystery. In good faith, Ariadne Oliver, the well known crime writer, agrees to organize their murder hunt. Despite weeks of meticulous planning, at the last minute Ariadne calls her friend Hercule Poirot for his expert assistance. Instinctively, she senses that s something sinister is about to happen ."
Hercule Poirot's Casebook Hercule Poirot 42 by Agatha Christie. No description available
The Husband by Dean Koontz. No description available
City of Night Dean Koontz's Frankenstein 2 by Dean Koontz Ed Gorman. The Frankenstein story is updated to the 21st century by the great American storyteller Dean Koontz. Now someone new is playing god.
Sole Survivor by Dean Koontz. No description available
"Forever Odd Odd Thomas 2 by Dean Koontz. A childhood friend of Odd's disappears and the worst is feared. Odd applies his unique talents to the task of finding the missing person. He discovers something worse than a dead body, as he encounters an enemy of exceptional cunning and events spiral into a vortex of terror."
Life Expectancy by Dean Koontz. No description available
"The Raphael Affair Jonathan Argyll 1 by Iain Pears. Vandalism and murder follow a newly discovered Raphael painting to London, and Bottando decides to investigate with the help of his glamorous assistant, Flavia Publisher."
The Dream of Scipio by Iain Pears. No description available
Welcome to the Great Mysterious by Lorna Landvik. No description available
Oh My Stars by Lorna Landvik. No description available
Your Oasis on Flame Lake by Lorna Landvik. No description available
Patty Jane's House of Curl by Lorna Landvik Mechtild Sandberg Ciletti Mechtild Ciletti. No description available
The Tall Pine Polka Your Oasis on Flame Lake by Lorna Landvik. No description available
Anne's House Of Dreams by L.M. Montgomery. No description available
Poirot The Complete Ariadne Oliver Vol. 2 by Agatha Christie. No description available
The Phantom Tollbooth by Norton Juster Jules Feiffer. No description available
"The Sixth Book of Lost Swords Mindsword's Story Lost Swords 6 by Fred Saberhagen. When the long lost Mindsword which gives mindless devotion to the one who wields it falls into the hands of Prince Murat, Kristen, the beautiful wife of Prince Mark, falls under its spell, and it is up to Mark and his companions to save his wife and his"
"The Fourth Book of Lost Swords Farslayer's Story Lost Swords 4 by Fred Saberhagen. Long, long ago, the Gods forged Twelve Swords of Power, each with a unique and deadly quality. They forged too well, for the swords could kill the Gods themselves. Then the swords were lost, scattered across the land and many are they, both good and evil, who are desperate to find them again. This story is of Farslayer, the sword that can kill from across an entire world. The game is fierce the prize is the sword. The players are Black Pearl, an ensorcelled mermaid, and Cosmos her treacherous lover Prince Zoltan and Prince Mark the evil macrowizard Wood and an enigmatic woman who arrives astride a griffin."
"Berserkers The Beginning Berserkers 1 5 by Fred Saberhagen. These are the first stories of humanities fight against the life destroying Berserker machines. Programmed to destroy all life, the Berserkers threaten the very universe. Only one form of life, humanity, is uniquely qualified to take on the machines. Meet Berserker hunter extraordinaire Johann Karlsen and his evil brother Felipe Nogara and other gallant fighters of the killer machines. Not satisfied with efforts to destroy all life in present time, the Berserkers devise a way to penetrate human history. The death dealing machines pinpoint key personalities in human history for destruction. When and if they succeed human progress is set back perhaps thousands of years. Humanity has an answer. On the planet Sirgol, the only planet in the galaxy where time travel is possible, an elite corps of Berserker hunters struggle to derail the Berserkers' efforts. Lieutenant Derron Odegard of Time Ops faces death dealing, time traveling Berserkers in three exciting adventures Stone Man, Winged Helmet, and Brother Berserker. A collection of fifteen of Saberhagen's Berserker short stories previously published as Berserker and Berserker Brother Assassin plus and introductory essay by Saberhagen Berserkers for Fun and Profit"
"The Last Book of Swords Shieldbreaker's Story Lost Swords 8 by Fred Saberhagen. Vilkata, the Dark King, returns from exile seeking revenge. His goal the Tasavalta vault where Prince Mark has stored the remaining Swords. With possession of Shieldbreaker, Vilkata aims to destroy all other Swords and to rule the world and perhaps beyond. Only Mark s young son Stephen is on hand to oppose the Dark King. He must get word to his father and grandfather. Swords clash and are destroyed. Only one Sword will survive."
"Ariadne's Web Book of the Gods 2 by Fred Saberhagen. Saberhagen, continues the Book of the Gods series that began with The Face of Apollo. Shiva has overthrown the rightful King Minos of Crete and in his place put a minion of the gods of Death. Sacrifices are demanded. Theseus, a young hostage, and his companions are doomed, unless Princess Ariadne, her brother Ariadne is the daughter of the King Minos. The creature in the Labyrinth is her brother Theseus is a young man sentenced to be sacrificed by the gods, with whom Ariadne falls deeply in love. She conspires to spare him from his grisly fate, but doesn't count on Dionysus stepping in to complicate matters. With mystical beasts and whimsical gods confronting them at every turn, Ariadne and Theseus must find their way through a maze of events that are as twisted as they are dangerous."
The Arms of Hercules Book of the Gods 3 by Fred Saberhagen. Hercules tells the story of his twelve works of wonder against the backdrop of the ongoing deadly battle between the gods and the giants.
"Berserker Blue Death Berserker 8 by Fred Saberhagen. Leviathan, a monstrous berserker killing machine glowing with a mysterious blue aura, is menacing the Milkpail Nebula. Following on a long history of destruction, the great blue berserker s latest strike annihilated the colony Shubra. Among Shubra s many victims is spaceship captain Niles Domingo s daughter. Now the great berserker has taken every member of Niles family and the captain will have his revenge. Setting out with only his ship and crew, Niles intends to hunt down the giant killer. With the cooperation of three distinct human life themes, Niles may have a chance for his revenge. But living for revenge has a price, a very high price."
My Invented Country A Nostalgic Journey Through Chile by Isabel Allende. No description available
Aphrodite A Memoir of the Senses by Isabel Allende Robert Shekter Panchita Llona. No description available
Of Love and Shadows by Isabel Allende Margaret Sayers Peden. No description available
Strange Relations by Philip Jos Farmer. No description available
"The Black Tower Philip Jos Farmer's The Dungeon 1 by Richard A. Lupoff Bruce Coville Philip Jos Farmer Charles de Lint Robin Wayne Bailey Robert Gould. Plunging into a vast, planet spanning prison, Clive Foliott faces a fantastic world of dwarves, cyborgs and aliens beyond imagination. It is a multi leveled collection of beings from the hidden folds of time and space. And trapped somewhere inside is Neville Foliott, Clive's twin brother."
Dayworld Dayworld 1 by Philip Jos Farmer. No description available
The Dungeon 2 Philip Jos Farmer's The Dungeon Omnibus Volume 2 Valley of Thunder Lake of Fire by Charles de Lint Robin Wayne Bailey Philip Jos Farmer. No description available
Pictures by J.R.R. Tolkien by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien. No description available
The J.R.R. Tolkien Handbook A Comprehensive Guide to His Life Writings and World of Middle Earth by Colin Duriez Brian Sibley. No description available
Mr. Majeika and the School Trip by Humphrey Carpenter. No description available
The Infinite Plan by Isabel Allende. No description available
Ines of My Soul by Isabel Allende Margaret Sayers Peden. No description available
Selected Non Fictions by Jorge Luis Borges Suzanne Jill Levine Esther Allen Eliot Weinberger. No description available
The Book of Imaginary Beings by Jorge Luis Borges Margarita Guerrero Peter S s Andrew Hurley. No description available
Ficciones by Jorge Luis Borges Gordon Botherston Peter Hulme. No description available
This Craft of Verse by Jorge Luis Borges C lin Andrei Mih ilescu. No description available
Doyle Brunson's Super System by Doyle Brunson Mike Caro David Reese Joey Hawthorne David Sklansky Bobby Baldwin. No description available
Color Drawing Design Drawing Skills and Techniques for Architects Landscape Architects and Interior Designers by Michael E. Doyle. No description available
The Grail A Year Ambling Shambling Through an Oregon Vineyard in Pursuit of the Best Pinot Noir Wine in the Whole Wild World by Brian Doyle Mary Miller Doyle. No description available
The Coming of the Fairies by Arthur Conan Doyle John M. Lynch. No description available
Vampire Hunter D Volume 06 Pilgrimage of the Sacred and the Profane by Hideyuki Kikuchi Yoshitaka Amano. No description available
Vampire Hunter D Volume 05 The Stuff of Dreams by Hideyuki Kikuchi Yoshitaka Amano. No description available
"Demon Deathchase Vampire Hunter D 3 by Hideyuki Kikuchi Yoshitaka Amano. The novel that was the basis for the hit motion picture Vampire Hunter D Bloodlustis available in English for the first time! The third volume of the popular Japanese series Vampire Hunter D comes to America in Vampire Hunter D Demon Deathchase. The vampire hunter known only as D has been hired by a wealthy, dying man to find his daughter, who was kidnapped by the powerful vampire Lord Meierlink. Though humans speak well of Meierlink, the price on his head is too high for D to ignore and he sets out to save her before she can be turned into an undead creature of the night. In the nightmare world of 12090 A.D., finding Meierlink before he reaches the spaceport in the Clayborn States and gets off the planet will be hard enough, but D has more than just Meierlink to worry about. The dying man is taking no chances, and has also enlisted the Marcus family, a renegade clan of four brothers and a sister who don't care who they kill as long as they get paid. Beautiful illustrations by Yoshitaka Amano complement the post apocalyptic plot, filled with chilling twists. FOR MATURE READERS"
Vampire Hunter D Volume 04 Tale of the Dead Town by Hideyuki Kikuchi Yoshitaka Amano. No description available
Vampire Hunter D Volume 07 Mysterious Journey to the North Sea Part One by Hideyuki Kikuchi Yoshitaka Amano. No description available
Coffin The Art of Vampire Hunter D by Yoshitaka Amano. No description available
Paradise Lost and Paradise Regained by John Milton Christopher Ricks Susanne Woods. No description available
Paradise Lost by John Milton Merritt Y. Hughes David Scott Kastan. No description available
Leviathan by Thomas Hobbes Edwin M. Curley. No description available
The Book of Leviathan by Peter Blegvad. No description available
Democracy in America by Alexis de Tocqueville Isaac Kramnick Gerald Bevan. No description available
Democracy in America by Alexis de Tocqueville Harvey Mansfield Delba Winthrop. No description available
Magic Carpet Ride The Autobiography of John Kay and Steppenwolf by John Kay John Einarson. No description available
Steppenwolf Theatre Company Twenty Five Years of an Actor's Theater by Victor Skrebneski. No description available
The Glass Bead Game by Hermann Hesse Richard Winston Clara Winston Theodore Ziolkowski. No description available
The Sorrows of Young Werther by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Burton Pike Edla Valdna. No description available
The Sorrows of Young Werther and Selected Writings by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Catherine Hutter Marcelle Clements. No description available
The Sorrows of Young Werther by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Nathan Haskell Dole Thomas Carlyle R. Dillon Boylan. No description available
The Dream Master by Roger Zelazny. No description available
The Queen's Necklace by Teresa Edgerton. No description available
"Goblin Moon The Goblin Moon Duology 1 by Teresa Edgerton. Book 4 in the Tales of the Order series. Eight years ago, the Goblin people of the Shire were almost eradicated when humans poisoned their sacred springs. Since then, no Goblin infant has lived past a day old and their mothers often die too. The Sorceress has decreed that Goblins must begin breeding with outsiders humans, in fact. As the Goblin leader, Tearach Bruce is under orders to initiate this new decree, and he's not at all pleased. But he's desperate to save his people, so he reluctantly agrees. The woman selected for the job is Kathy Parker, a firefighter and paramedic with baggage of her own. She hasn't exactly been planning on having a baby, let alone with a big green Goblin who kidnaps her. Tearach and Kathy are at odds at first, but they soon find themselves united against the Sorceress' manipulations. What develops between them is more intense and precious than any kind of magic. Publisher Note This book was previously published elsewhere under the same title. Reader Advisory Though this book is the fourth in a series, it can be read as a stand alone."
The Work of the Sun The Green Lion Trilogy 3 by Teresa Edgerton. No description available
The Castle of the Silver Wheel by Teresa Edgerton. No description available
China and Japan Myths and Legends by Donald A. Mackenzie. No description available
A Madman Dreams of Turing Machines by Janna Levin. No description available
Turing and the Universal Machine The Making of the Modern Computer by Jon Agar Jon Turney. No description available
Ad Infinitum... The Ghost in Turing's Machine Taking God Out of Mathematics and Putting the Body Back In. An Essay in Corporeal Semiotics by Brian Rotman. No description available
"Rocket Ship Galileo Heinlein's Juveniles 1 by Robert A. Heinlein. They called themselves the Galileo Club not a bad name for a group of space minded young men who had high hopes of putting one of their homemade rocket ships in orbit. But it wasn't until they teamed up with Doc Cargraves that their impossible dream became an incredible reality. Suddenly the three Earthbound youths and their mentor were hurtling through space, heading for the barren wasteland of the Moon. Or so they thought. They were totally unaware that the dark crater shadows concealed a threat beyond their wildest imaginings . . . a threat from which only a mircale could save them!"
"Tunnel in the Sky Heinlein's Juveniles 9 by Robert A. Heinlein. High school students enter a time gate to an unknown planet for a survival test, but something goes wrong and they have to learn to survive by their own resourcefulness."
The Cat Who Walks Through Walls The World As Myth by Robert A. Heinlein. No description available
The Fantasies of Robert A. Heinlein by Robert A. Heinlein. No description available
Citizen of the Galaxy by Robert A. Heinlein. No description available
The Moon is a Harsh Mistress by Robert A. Heinlein. No description available
Roverandom by J.R.R. Tolkien Wayne G. Hammond Christina Scull. No description available
The Mysteries of Pittsburgh by Michael Chabon. No description available
Summerland by Michael Chabon. No description available
The Yiddish Policemen's Union by Michael Chabon. No description available
The Toy Maker The Life and Times of Inventor Frank Hornby by Anthony Mcreavy. No description available
The Disappointment Artist by Jonathan Lethem. No description available
The Wall of the Sky the Wall of the Eye by Jonathan Lethem. No description available
You Don't Love Me Yet by Jonathan Lethem. No description available
Gun With Occasional Music by Jonathan Lethem. No description available
As She Climbed Across the Table by Jonathan Lethem. No description available
Living With the Passive Aggressive Man by Scott Wetzler. No description available
Cypress Gardens Images of America Florida by Mary M. Flekke Sarah E. MacDonald Randall M. MacDonald. No description available
The Organized Student Teaching Children the Skills for Success in School and Beyond by Donna Goldberg Jennifer Zwiebel. No description available
Beach Music by Pat Conroy. No description available
Der Gesang Des Meeres. Beach Music by Pat Conroy. No description available
The Prince of Tides by Pat Conroy. No description available
Blessings by Belva Plain. No description available
Seven Complete Perry Mason Novels The Case Of The Foot Loose Doll The Glamorous Ghost The Long Legged Models The Lucky Loser The Screaming Woman The Terrified Typist The Waylaid Wolf by Erle Stanley Gardner. No description available
The Case of the Glamorous Ghost Perry Mason by Erle Stanley Gardner. No description available
The Case of the Half Wakened Wife by Erle Stanley Gardner. No description available
"I Dreamed I Married Perry Mason A Cece Caruso Mystery 1 by Susan Kandel. All that writer Cece Caruso a thirty nine year old former beauty queen from New Jersey really wants to do is finish her biography of Erle Stanley Gardner so that she can finally stop obsessing about Perry Mason. Well, that and find a 1970 silk chiffon Ossie Clark to add to her collection of vintage clothing. And fix the broken front doorknob on her West Hollywood bungalow. But first she has to help save her daughter's foundering marriage, which is more than Cece could manage for her own. Everybody's got problems. In a last ditch effort to kick a bad case of writer's block, Cece pays a visit to a prison inmate who had once corresponded with Gardner, pleading his innocence. Her impetuousness lands her smack in the middle of a case worthy of Perry Mason himself a double edged mystery linking a forty year old murder to one where the body is still warm. Propelled by tenacity, curiosity, a sense of humor, and an understanding of human nature's dark side, Cece will channel the inner sleuth she never realized she possessed to find a killer who is all too real and all too close. I Dreamed I Married Perry Mason is hip, sexy, and smart. Susan Kandel has created an unforgettable cast of characters planted firmly in terra California. Join Cece as she breaks into crime scenes, outfoxes lawyers, rekindles a romance with a police detective, and oh, yes finally makes her peace with Perry Mason."
The Case of the Terrified Typist Perry Mason 49 by Erle Stanley Gardner. No description available
The Case of the Curious Bride Perry Mason Mystery by Erle Stanley Gardner. No description available
Fragile Things Short Fictions and Wonders by Neil Gaiman. No description available
The Good Fairies of New York by Martin Millar Neil Gaiman. No description available
Smoke and Mirrors Short Fiction and Illusions by Neil Gaiman. No description available
Death The High Cost of Living by Neil Gaiman Chris Bachalo Mark Buckingham Tori Amos. No description available
Stardust by Neil Gaiman. No description available
The Facts in the Case of the Departure of Miss Finch by Neil Gaiman Michael Zulli. No description available
The Diagnosis by Alan Lightman. No description available
The Best American Science Writing 2002 by Matt Ridley Jesse Cohen Alan Lightman Joseph D'Agnese. No description available
The Complete Poetry by John Milton John T. Shawcross. No description available
The Complete Poems and Major Prose by John Milton Merritt Y. Hughes. No description available
The Man and the Author John Milton Twentieth Century Perspectives by J. Martin Evans. No description available
The Major Works by John Milton Jonathan Goldberg Stephen Orgel. No description available
Christopher and His Kind by Christopher Isherwood. No description available
The Condor And The Cows A South American Travel Diary by Christopher Isherwood William Caskey Jeffrey Meyers. No description available
A Single Man by Christopher Isherwood. No description available
Christopher et son monde 1929 1939 by Christopher Isherwood. No description available
The Love of the Last Tycoon by F. Scott Fitzgerald. No description available
About This Life by Barry Lopez. No description available
Arctic Dreams by Barry Lopez. No description available
Field Notes The Grace Note of the Canyon Wren by Barry Lopez. No description available
The Rediscovery of North America by Barry Lopez. No description available
Deadly Feasts Tracking the Secrets of a Terrifying New Plague by Richard Rhodes. No description available
How to Write Advice and Reflections by Richard Rhodes. No description available
John James Audubon by Richard Rhodes. No description available
Masters of Death The SS Einsatzgruppen and the Invention of the Holocaust by Richard Rhodes. No description available
A Hole in the World An American Boyhood by Richard Rhodes. No description available
The Crack Up by F. Scott Fitzgerald Edmund Wilson. No description available
Walden Resistance to Civil Government Critical Edition by Owen Thomas William John Rossi Henry David Thoreau William Rossi. No description available
Collected Essays and Poems by Henry David Thoreau Elizabeth Hall Witherell. No description available
The Portable Thoreau by Henry David Thoreau Carl Bode. No description available
True Harvest Readings From Henry David Thoreau For Every Day Of The Year by Henry David Thoreau Barry M. Andrews. No description available
Civil Disobedience and Other Essays by Henry David Thoreau. No description available
Walden by Henry David Thoreau. No description available
Interrupted Music The Making of Tolkien's Mythology by Verlyn Flieger. No description available
"Touchy and Feely Sissy Sawyer 1 by Graham Masterton. The first in the new Sissy Sawyer series When Fidelio Valdes, a disaffected young Puerto Rican, and Robert Touche, a drunk and aggressive businessman who has lost his job and his wife, meet, they begin a spree of random shootings. The Connecticut Police are baffled until widowed fortune teller Sissy Sawyer contacts them to say that her cards are predicting the murders and giving her clues to the identity of the killers . . ."
Prey by Graham Masterton. No description available
Hidden World by Graham Masterton. No description available
The House That Jack Built by Graham Masterton. No description available
The Riverside Milton by John Milton Roy C. Flannagan. No description available
How to Read a Poem by Terry Eagleton. No description available
The Gatekeeper A Memoir by Terry Eagleton. No description available
The Ideology of the Aesthetic by Terry Eagleton. No description available
Marxism and Literary Criticism by Terry Eagleton. No description available
"Children of God The Sparrow 2 by Mary Doria Russell. From the acclaimed author of The Sparrow comes a new, extraordinarily imaginative SF novel which continues the powerful, moving story of Emilio Sandoz, the charismatic Jesuit priest who led the well intentioned but catastrophic mission to the distant planet of Rakhat, and journeyed to the furthest reaches of the human soul. Now, in Children of God, Father Emilio Sanchoz returns and against his will is forced to continue his quest for the meaning, if any, of God's plan. Dazzlingly imaginative, philosophically provocative and immeasurably entertaining, Children of God is a must read for fans of The Sparrow, and a startlingly fresh adventure for newcomers to Mary Doria Russell's special literary magic."
"When the Lion Feeds Courtney 1 by Wilbur Smith. A Courtney Series adventure Book 1 in the When the Lion Feeds trilogy BROTHERS BY BIRTH. ENEMIES UNTIL DEATH. Heirs to their father's fortune, destiny divides the Courtney twins from the start. Sean Courtney is strong, determined and adventurous, while Garrick Courtney is eager to escape the hardships of cattle rearing, preferring to stay indoors with a book. But when Garrick is suddenly forced to take ownership of the family farm, Sean must explore the opportunities awaiting him the rush and horrors of the Zulu Wars, the women who will fall for his charms, the rise and fall of gold fever and the deadly thrills of big game hunting on the African plains. Meanwhile, Garrick Courtney, left to manage the farm he loathes, wishes only for a quiet life. Happiness seems within his grasp with the beautiful Anna Van Essen, one of the broken hearted women Sean left in his wake, but he is devastated when tragedy strikes once more. As both brothers seek to realize their destinies, they find their paths must once again cross in a bitter showdown. Can either brother thrive while the other still lives? When the Lion Feeds is the iconic debut novel from Wilbur Smith, one of the bestselling and most beloved authors of the 20th century."
"Birds of Prey Courtney 9 by Wilbur Smith. The year is 1667. Sir Francis Courtney and his son Hal are on patrol in their fighting caravel off the Agulhas Cape of South Africa. They are lying in wait for one of the treasure laden galleons of the Dutch East India Company returning from the Orient. so begins a quest for adventure and the spoils of war that sweeps them from the settlement of Good Hope at the southern tip of Africa to the Great Horn of Ethiopia far to the north at a time when international maritime law permitted acts of piracy, rape, and murder otherwise punishable by death. Wilbur Smith introduces a generation of the indomitable Courtneys and thrillingly re creates their part in the struggle for supremacy and riches on the high seas. From the very first pages, Wilbur Smith spins a colorful and exciting tale, crackling with tension and drama, that builds and builds to a stunning climax. Packed with vivid descriptive passages of the open seas, breathless pacing, and an extraordinary cast of characters, Birds of Prey is a masterpiece from a storyteller at the height of his powers."
Alberic the Wise by Norton Juster Leonard Baskin. No description available
The Hello Goodbye Window by Norton Juster Chris Raschka. No description available
The Dot and the Line A Romance in Lower Mathematics by Norton Juster. No description available
Le Royaume fant me by Norton Juster. No description available
1632 by Eric Flint. No description available
L tzen 1632 climax of the Thirty Years war by Richard Brzezinski Graham Turner. No description available
Marvels by Kurt Busiek Alex Ross. No description available
Superman Back in Action by Kurt Busiek Fabian Nicieiza Len Wein Gerry Conway Pete Woods Jos Luis Garc a L pez. No description available
Spider Man Saga of the Sandman by Stan Lee Roy Thomas Tom DeFalco Kurt Busiek Steve Ditko Jack Kirby Herb Trimpe Ross Andru. No description available
Superman Up Up and Away! by Kurt Busiek Geoff Johns Pete Woods Renato Guedes. No description available
Kingdom Come by Mark Waid Alex Ross Elliot S. Maggin. No description available
Fantastic Four Volume 2 by Mark Waid Mike Wieringo Howard Porter. No description available
The Flash Dead Heat by Mark Waid Oscar Jimenez Humberto Ramos Jos Marz n Jr. Wayne Faucher. No description available
Fantastic Four Volume 3 by Mark Waid Mike Wieringo. No description available
Underworld Unleashed by Mark Waid Scott Peterson Howard Porter Dennis Janke Phil Jimenez J.H. Williams III John Stokes Mick Gray Dan Green. No description available
Fantastic Four Vol 5 Disassembled by Mark Waid Paco Medina. No description available
Devilish by Maureen Johnson. No description available
"The Devilish Pleasures of a Duke Boscastle 6 by Jillian Hunter. Award winning author Jillian Hunter spins a captivating tale of sweet mystery, reckless temptation, and scandalous desire. Adrian Ruxley may be a ruggedly charming rogue, but he s not a man to stand idly by while a lady is accosted even at a wedding organized by the lady herself, Emma Boscastle, instructress in the social graces at her London academy for young gentlewomen. Adrian confronts the offender, a scuffle ensues, and now this smooth talking heir is left to recuperate under Emma s very roof, delighted to see the deep concern in her lovely face. She has a charm no scoundrel can resist. Emma is scandalized by her own behavior seduced by a handsome stranger, indeed! How will she be able to hide her indiscretion from the perceptive Boscastle siblings? The divine passion that Adrian has unleashed, and the sensual delights he has shown her, have suddenly turned Emma s days at the fledgling academy into a display of impropriety and her nights into a velvet abyss of sensual abandon. But as their intimacy reveals Adrian s turbulent secrets, Emma is inspired to her most ambitious endeavor redeeming a rake."
A Devilish Dilemma by Judith A. Lansdowne. No description available
Paranoid Park by Blake Nelson. No description available
Notes on a Scandal by Zo Heller. No description available
13 Little Blue Envelopes Little Blue Envelope 1 by Maureen Johnson. Book description to come.
"My Ishmael Ishmael 3 by Daniel Quinn. An extraordinary and startlingly original sequel to Ishmael Enthralling, shocking, hope filled, and utterly fearless, Daniel Quinn leads us deeper and deeper into the human heart, history, and spirit. In My Ishmael, Quinn strikes out into entirely new territory, posing questions that will rock you on your heels, and providing tantalizing possibilities for a truly new world vision. Susan Chernak McElroy, author of Animals as Teachers Healers When Ishmael places an advertisement for pupils with an earnest desire to save the world, he does not expect a child to answer him. But twelve year old Julie Gerchak is undaunted by Ishmael s reluctance to teach someone so young, and convinces him to take her on as his next student. Ishmael knows he can't apply the same strategies with Julie that he used with his first pupil, Alan Lomax nor can he hope for the same outcome. But young Julie proves that she is ready to forge her own spiritual path and arrive at her own destination. And when the time comes to choose a pupil to carry out his greatest mission yet, Ishmael makes a daring decision a choice that just might change the world. Explore Daniel Quinn s spiritual Ishmael trilogy ISHMAEL MY ISHMAEL THE STORY OF B"
"Ishmael Star Trek The Original Series 23 by Barbara Hambly. This unforgettable and suspenseful Star Trek The Original Series adventure follows the Enterprise crew in a desperate rescue mission to the past to save First Officer Spock and stop the Klingons from changing the future forever. The USS Enterprise is on a peaceful mission at Starbase 12 when a bizarre cosmic phenomenon causes a Klingon ship to suddenly vanish with Spock aboard for the ride. Spock s last message from the Klingon ship is cryptic and frightening. The Klingons are traveling into the past, searching for the one man who holds the key to the furure. If they can kill that man, the course of history will be changed and the Federation will be destroyed!"
Mumbo Jumbo by Ishmael Reed G rard H. Durand. No description available
Flatland by Edwin A. Abbott Rosemary Jann. No description available
Flatland by Edwin A. Abbott Ian Stewart. No description available
Flatland A Romance of Many Dimensions by Edwin A. Abbott. No description available
Flatterland by Ian Stewart. No description available
American Government Continuity and Change by Karen O'Connor Larry J. Sabato. No description available
Essentials of American Government Continuity and Change by Karen O'Connor Larry J. Sabato. No description available
American Government Continuity and Change Texas Edition by Karen O'Connor Larry J. Sabato. No description available
"Stardust of Yesterday de Piaget 9 de Paiget MacLeod 1 by Lynn Kurland. A young woman inherits a castle along with a ghost who tries to scare her away. Her biggest fear, however, is falling in love with him."
Moonage Daydream The Life Times of Ziggy Stardust by David Bowie Mick Rock. No description available
From Sawdust to Stardust The Biography of DeForest Kelley by Terry Lee Rioux. No description available
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Hitchhiker's Guide 1 by Douglas Adams. No description available
Coraline by Neil Gaiman Dave McKean. No description available
Jurassic Park Institute Dinosaur Field Guide by Michael K. Brett Surman Thomas R. Holtz Jr. Bob Walters. No description available
Lost World of Agharti The Mystery of Vril Power by Alec MacLellan. No description available
I Am the Blues The Willie Dixon Story by Willie Dixon Don Snowden. No description available
Isaac Newton by James Gleick. No description available
Things Fall Apart An Adapted Classic by Chinua Achebe. No description available
The Stranger by Albert Camus Stuart Gilbert. No description available
Having Our Say The Delany Sisters' First 100 Years by Emily Mann Sarah L. Delany A. Elizabeth Delany Amy Hill Hearth. No description available
Retrospective 1964 1984 by H.R. Giger Kathi Christen Adrienne Theimer Ernst Fuchs. No description available
Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood. No description available
One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn H.T. Willetts. No description available
The Two Mile Time Machine Ice Cores Abrupt Climate Change and Our Future by Richard B. Alley. No description available
Collected Essays Notes of a Native Son Nobody Knows My Name The Fire Next Time No Name in the Street The Devil Finds Work Other Essays by James Baldwin Toni Morrison. No description available
Love and Louis XIV The Women in the Life of the Sun King by Antonia Fraser. No description available
"My ntonia Great Plains Trilogy 3 by Willa Cather. DigiCat Publishing presents to you this special edition of My Antonia by Willa Cather. DigiCat Publishing considers every written word to be a legacy of humankind. Every DigiCat book has been carefully reproduced for republishing in a new modern format. The books are available in print, as well as ebooks. DigiCat hopes you will treat this work with the acknowledgment and passion it deserves as a classic of world literature."
Marie Antoinette The Journey by Antonia Fraser. No description available
My Antonia Great Plains trilogy 3 by Willa Cather Alyssa Harad. No description available
The Bush Agenda Invading the World One Economy at a Time by Antonia Juhasz. No description available
Don Quixote The Ormsby Translation Revised Backgrounds and Sources Criticism by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra John Ormsby. No description available
A Yellow Raft in Blue Water by Michael Dorris. No description available
The Sound and the Fury by William Faulkner. No description available
The Sound and the Fury An Authoritative Text Backgrounds and Contexts Criticism by William Faulkner David Minter Noel Polk Ben Wasson C. Vann Woodward Robert Penn Warren Richard H. King Jean Paul Sartre Irving Howe Ralph Ellison. No description available
The Sound and the Fury by William Faulkner Grover Gardner. No description available
CliffsNotes on Faulkner's The Sound and the Fury Cliffs Notes by James Lamar Roberts William Faulkner CliffsNotes. No description available
Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison. No description available
The Invisible Man by H.G. Wells Christopher Priest. No description available
"The Friday Night Knitting Club Friday Night Knitting Club 1 by Kate Jacobs. THE 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER Once a week, an eclectic group of women comes together at a New York City yarn shop to work on their latest projects and share the stories of their lives... At the center of Walker and Daughter is the shop s owner, Georgia, who is overwhelmed with juggling the store and single handedly raising her teenage daughter. Happy to escape the demands of her life, she looks forward to her Friday Night Knitting Club, where she and her friends Anita, Peri, Darwin, Lucie, and KC exchange knitting tips, jokes, and their deepest secrets. But when the man who once broke Georgia s heart suddenly shows up, demanding a role in their daughter s life, her world is shattered. Luckily, Georgia s friends are there for encouragement, sharing their own tales of intimacy, heartbreak, and miracle making. And when the unthinkable happens, these women will discover that what they ve created isn t just a knitting club it s a sisterhood."
"Lady Friday The Keys to the Kingdom 5 by Garth Nix. Friday is here! The race is on to find the secret of the Middle House. The fifth eagerly awaited installment in Garth Nix s best selling fantasy series,The Keys to the Kingdom."
Friday by Robert A. Heinlein. No description available
"Starship Troopers by Robert A. Heinlein. In Robert A. Heinlein s controversial Hugo Award winning bestseller, a recruit of the future goes through the toughest boot camp in the Universe and into battle against mankind s most alarming enemy... Johnnie Rico never really intended to join up and definitely not the infantry. But now that he s in the thick of it, trying to get through combat training harder than anything he could have imagined, he knows everyone in his unit is one bad move away from buying the farm in the interstellar war the Terran Federation is waging against the Arachnids. Because everyone in the Mobile Infantry fights. And if the training doesn t kill you, the Bugs are more than ready to finish the job... A classic If you want a great military adventure, this one is for you. All SciFi"
The Diamond Color Meditation Color Pathway to the Soul by John Diamond. No description available
Zodiac by Neal Stephenson Jean Pierre Pugi. No description available
"Sirens and Sea Monsters Tales from the Odyssey 3 by Mary Pope Osborne Homer Troy Howell. After returning from the Land of the Dead, Odysseus and his men are warned that the rest of his journey will remain challenging as they will have to face a deadly six headed monster and a fierce whirlpool before finally reaching port."
Dracula by Bram Stoker Jan Needle Gary Blythe. No description available
Dracula by Bram Stoker Joseph Valente. No description available
Dracula by Bram Stoker Robert Whitfield. No description available
The Bram Stoker Bedside Companion 10 Stories by the Author of Dracula by Bram Stoker Charles Osborne. No description available
Dracula by Bram Stoker Nina Auerbach David J. Skal. No description available
Macbeth by William Shakespeare Paul Werstine Barbara A. Mowat. No description available
Macbeth No Fear Shakespeare by William Shakespeare SparkNotes John Crowther. No description available
"Death of a Dreamer Hamish Macbeth 22 by M.C. Beaton. Travel to the Scotland Highlands with this classic Hamish Macbeth cozy mystery from the author of the Agatha Raisin series. Death of a Dreamer A Hamish Macbeth Mystery The rugged landscape of Scotland attracts dreamers who move north, wrapped in fantasies of enjoying the simple life. They usually don't last, but it looks as if Effie Garrard has come to stay. When Constable Hamish Macbeth calls on her, he's amazed that she weathered the difficult winter. But Effie is quite delusional, imagining that she's engaged to local artist Jock Fleming. Later, Effie is found in the mountains, poisoned by hemlock."
The Crucible by Arthur Miller Christopher Bigsby. No description available
Crucible of War The Seven Years' War and the Fate of Empire in British North America 1754 1766 by Fred Anderson. No description available
Spock The Fire and the Rose Star Trek Crucible 2 by David R. George III. No description available
McCoy The Provenance Of Shadows Star Trek Crucible 1 by David R. George III. No description available
"Kirk The Star to Every Wandering Star Trek Crucible 3 by David R. George III. IN A SINGLE MOMENT . . . the lives of three men will be forever changed. In that split second, defined paradoxically by both salvation and loss, they will destroy the world and then restore it. Much had come before, and much would come after, but nothing would color their lives more than that one, isolated instant on the edge of forever. IN A SINGLE MOMENT . . . James T. Kirk, displaced in time, allows the love of his life to die in a traffic accident, thereby preserving Earth's history. Returning to the present, he continues a storied career as a starship captain, opening up the galaxy. But as he wanders among the stars, the incandescence that once filled his heart remains elusive. IN A SINGLE MOMENT . . . that haunts James T. Kirk throughout his life, he preserved the timeline at the cost of his happiness. Now, facing his own death, the very fabric of existence collapses across years and light years, forcing him to race against and through time itself, until he comes full circle to that one bright star by which his life has always steered."
Mr Tompkins in Paperback Canto by George Gamow Roger Penrose. No description available
Thirty Years that Shook Physics The Story of Quantum Theory by George Gamow. No description available
The Great Divorce by C.S. Lewis. No description available
The Metaphysics of Star Trek by Richard Hanley. No description available
The Very Best of the Feynman Lectures by Richard P. Feynman. No description available
The Feynman Lectures on Physics Vols 3 4 by Richard P. Feynman. No description available
The Feynman Lectures on Physics Vols 7 8 by Richard P. Feynman. No description available
The Feynman Lectures on Physics Vols 5 6 by Richard P. Feynman. No description available
The Feynman Lectures on Physics Vol 3 by Richard P. Feynman Robert B. Leighton Matthew L. Sands. No description available
Galactic Goodnight Disney's Little Einsteins by Susan Ring Kirk Albert Etienne. No description available
What Einstein Told His Cook Kitchen Science Explained by Robert L. Wolke Marlene Parrish. No description available
Mission Where's June? Disney's Little Einstein by Susan Ring Kirk Albert Etienne Kirk Etienne Albert Michael James Luzzi. No description available
Babies Baby Einstein by Julie Aigner Clark. No description available
Butterfly Suits Disney's Little Einsteins by Marcy Kelman Nadeem Zaidi Andy Mastrocinque. No description available
Birthday Machine Disney's Little Einsteins Early Reader by Susan Ring Anna Okabe. No description available
Music of the Meadow Little Einsteins Early Reader by Susan Ring Kelly Preston Katie Nix. No description available
1912 Manuscript on the Special Theory of Relativity by Albert Einstein Hanoch Gutfreund. No description available
"Piercing the Darkness Darkness 2 by Frank E. Peretti. Now in ebook, the classic sequel to bestseller This Present Darkness, about another small town in the midst of an unseen supernatural battle for truth. This sequel to This Present Darkness follows the supernatural battle over the small town of Bacon s Corner, where, once again, armies of angels and demons are at war. Sally Beth Roe is trying to escape her past and struggling to find the truth, while Tom Harris finds himself embroiled in a battle to save a Christian school threatened by outside forces."
"This Present Darkness Darkness 1 by Frank E. Peretti. For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the cosmic powers over this present darkness, against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly places. Ephesians 6 12 After the film in her camera is mysteriously destroyed at a small town festival, reporter Bernice Kreuger knows she s found something worth covering up. She brings the investigation to her boss, Marshall Hogan. Along with the local pastor of a struggling church, Hank Busch, they find something much bigger than they expected a demonic plot to enslave their town and, eventually, the world. The tiny college town of Ashton becomes the unlikely battleground in a cosmic clash between good and evil. Unseen by the human protagonists, armies of angels and demons wage war against one another in the spiritual realm for the souls of the people of Ashton. Up against supernatural forces, the future of the town seems bleak but the power of prayer might be able to influence the outcome of the fight. This fast paced thriller birthed an entirely new genre, setting the standard for spiritual suspense. It has since sold over 2 million copies worldwide, sparking a renewed interest in the concept of spiritual warfare."
The Oath by Frank E. Peretti. No description available
"Oath of Swords War God 1 by David Weber. The popular author of the Honor Harrington series tells the tale of Bahzell, a hsradani who has violated a hostage bond and now must deal with a vengeful prince and a price on his head. He doesn't want to mess with anyone else's problems, let alone the War God's. So how does he end up a thousand leagues from home? It's all the War God's fault."
Oath of Gold The Deed of Paksenarrion 3 by Elizabeth Moon. No description available
The Oath Dismas Hardy 8 by John Lescroart. No description available
"Wind Rider's Oath War God 3 by David Weber. Journeying to the Sothoii Wind Plain as a representative of the War God, Bahzell is selected to become the first Hradani windrider in history, an honor that brings as much resentment as respect."
A Visitation of Spirits by Randall Kenan. No description available
Open My Eyes Lord A Practical Guide to Angelic Visitations and Heavenly Experiences by Gary Oates Robert Paul Lamb Randy Clark. No description available
The Complete C.S. Lewis Signature Classics by C.S. Lewis. No description available
The Collected Letters of C.S. Lewis Volume 3 Narnia Cambridge and Joy 1950 1963 by C.S. Lewis Walter Hooper. No description available
Till We Have Faces A Myth Retold by C.S. Lewis Nadia May. No description available
The Demon Haunted World Science as a Candle in the Dark by Carl Sagan Ann Druyan. No description available
Stephen Hawking's a Brief History of Time A Reader's Companion by Stephen Hawking Gene Stone. No description available
Brev sima historia del tiempo by Stephen Hawking Leonard Mlodinow David Jou i Mirabent. No description available
A First Course in String Theory by Barton Zwiebach. No description available
Black Holes Time Warps Einstein's Outrageous Legacy by Kip S. Thorne Stephen Hawking Frederick Seitz. No description available
Surely You're Joking Mr. Feynman! by Richard P. Feynman. No description available
Surely You're Joking Mr. Feynman! Adventures of a Curious Character by Richard P. Feynman Raymond Todd. No description available
The Meaning of It All Thoughts of a Citizen Scientist by Richard P. Feynman. No description available
Amor Y Respeto love And Respect El Respeto Que El Desesperadamente Necesita The Love She Most Desires And The Respect He Desperately Needs by Emerson Eggerichs. No description available
Chemistry The Central Science by Theodore L. Brown H. Eugene LeMay Jr. Bruce E. Bursten. No description available
Introduction to Linear Algebra and Differential Equations by John W. Dettman. No description available
Physics for Scientists and Engineers by Douglas C. Giancoli. No description available
Physics for Scientists and Engineers with Modern Physics by Paul M. Fishbane Stephen Gasiorowicz Stephen T. Thornton. No description available
"Misty of Chincoteague Misty 1 by Marguerite Henry Wesley Dennis. Captivating readers since 1947, this poignant story of a young brother and sister and their love for the ponies of Assateague Island is available in this gorgeous gift edition."
Black Beauty by Anna Sewell Scott McKowen. No description available
Black Beauty Coloring Book by Anna Sewell John Green. No description available
"Five on a Treasure Island Famous Five 1 by Enid Blyton. Julian, Dick, Anne, George and Timmy the dog find excitement and adventure wherever they go in Enid Blyton's most popular series. In their first adventure, the Famous Five find a shipwreck off Kirrin Island. But where is the treasure? The Famous Five are on the trail, looking for clues, but they're not alone. Someone else has got the same idea! Time is running out for the Famous Five who will follow the clues and get to the treasure first? The text in this edition has been sensitively edited for today's reader and is unillustrated."
The Secret Seven The Secret Seven 1 by Enid Blyton. No description available
The Circus of Adventure by Enid Blyton. No description available
La gata perdida The Missing Cat Las Aventuras de Nicolas Adventures with Nicholas by Chris L. Demarest Berlitz Publishing Company. No description available
La Chatte Perdue The Missing Cat Les Aventures avec Nicolas Adventures with Nicholas by Chris L. Demarest. No description available
The Mystery of the Missing Cat by Gertrude Chandler Warner Charles Tang. No description available
Die Verschwundene Katze The Missing Cat by Chris L. Demarest. No description available
The Trolley Car Family by Eleanor Clymer Ursula Koering. No description available
"Rose in Bloom Eight Cousins 2 by Louisa May Alcott. After traveling around the world for several years, Rose Campbell returns home to find her boy cousins all grown up. In this upbeat sequel to Eight Cousins, Rose has become an attractive heiress and is now drawing the attention of several male suiters. But like Pride Prejudice and Anne of Green Gables, Rose in Bloom 1876 shows a woman ahead of her time with her own ideas about her future. Besides, who would love Rose for her and not her money? The answer might surprise her. Heart warming and swoony, Rose in Bloom is the story of a little girl who has grown into a young woman with her own great love story. Louisa May Alcott 1832 1888 was an American writer and feminist. She grew up poor, but among intellectualists, and started writing at an early age. Her most famous novel, Little Women 1868 , was inspired by her upbringing."
The Quiet Little Woman A Christmas Story by Louisa May Alcott C. Michael Dudash Stephen W. Hines. No description available
Louisa May Alcott on Race Sex and Slavery by Louisa May Alcott Sarah Elbert. No description available
An Old Fashioned Thanksgiving by Louisa May Alcott James Bernardin. No description available
Moods by Louisa May Alcott. No description available
The Girlhood Diary of Louisa May Alcott 1843 1846 Writings of a Young Author by Louisa May Alcott Kerry A. Graves. No description available
These Happy Golden Years Little House 8 by Laura Ingalls Wilder Garth Williams. Laura has her first experiences as a teacher and is courted by Almonzo Wilder.
Pioneer Girl The Story of Laura Ingalls Wilder by William Anderson Dan Andreasen. No description available
The Norton Anthology of Short Fiction by Richard Bausch. No description available
Red White and Black The Peoples of Early North America by Gary B. Nash. No description available
Homemade Love by bell hooks Shane W. Evans. No description available
The Will to Change Men Masculinity and Love by bell hooks. No description available
Killing Rage Ending Racism by bell hooks. No description available
Where We Stand Class Matters by bell hooks. No description available
All About Love New Visions by bell hooks. No description available
Everybody Was Kung Fu Fighting Afro Asian Connections and the Myth of Cultural Purity by Vijay Prashad. No description available
The Darker Nations A People's History of the Third World by Vijay Prashad Howard Zinn. No description available
The Karma Of Brown Folk by Vijay Prashad. No description available
The Negro by W.E.B. Du Bois Robert Gregg. No description available
Democracy Matters Winning the Fight Against Imperialism by Cornel West. No description available
Tyranny of the Majority Fundamental Fairness in Representative Democracy by Lani Guinier Stephen L. Carter. No description available
More Readings From One Man's Wilderness The Journals of Richard L. Proenneke 1974 1980 by Richard Proenneke John Branson. No description available
"The Guardship Thomas Marlowe 1 by James L. Nelson. Shortly after Thomas Marlowe's arrival in Williamsburg, Virginia, all in that newfound capital city are speaking his name. With the bounty from his years as a pirate a life he intends to renounce and keep forever secret he purchases a fine plantation from a striking young widow, and soon after kills the favorite son of one of Virginia's most powerful clans while defending her honor. But it is a daring feat of remarkable cunning that truly sets local tongues wagging a stunning move that wins Marlowe command of Plymouth Prize, the colony's decrepit guardship. But even as the enigmatic Marlowe bravely leads the King's sailors in bloody pitched battle against the cutthroats who infest the waters off Virginia's shores, a threat from his illicit past looms on the horizon that could doom Marlowe and his plans. Jean Pierre LeRois, captain of the Vengeance a brigand notorious even among other brigands for his violence and debauchery plots to seize the colony's wealth, forcing Marlowe to choose between losing all or facing the one man he fears. Only an explosive confrontation on the open sea can determine whether the Chesapeake will be ruled by the crown or the Brethren of the Coast. Shortly after Thomas Marlowe's arrival in Williamsburg, Virginia, all in that newfound capital city are speaking his name. With the bounty from his years as a pirate a life he intends to renounce and keep forever secret he purchases a fine plantation from a striking young widow, and soon after kills the favorite son of one of Virginia's most powerful clans while defending her honor. But it is a daring feat of remarkable cunning that truly sets local tongues wagging a stunning move that wins Marlowe command of Plymouth Prize, the colony's decrepit guardship. But even as the enigmatic Marlowe bravely leads the King's sailors in bloody pitched battle against the cutthroats who infest the waters off Virginia's shores, a threat from his illicit past looms on the horizon that could doom Marlowe and his plans. Jean Pierre LeRois, captain of the Vengeance a brigand notorious even among other brigands for his violence and debauchery plots to seize the colony's wealth, forcing Marlowe to choose between losing all or facing the one man he fears. Only an explosive confrontation on the open sea can determine whether the Chesapeake will be ruled by the crown or the Brethren of the Coast."
Before We Were Free by Julia Alvarez. No description available
Moral Disorder and Other Stories by Margaret Atwood. No description available
The Penelopiad by Margaret Atwood Laurel Merlington. No description available
The Tent by Margaret Atwood. No description available
The Robber Bride by Margaret Atwood. No description available
The Moth Diaries by Rachel Klein. No description available
Trauma by Graham Masterton. No description available
Liars and Saints by Maile Meloy. No description available
The Anthropology of Turquoise Reflections on Desert Sea Stone and Sky by Ellen Meloy. No description available
Eating Stone Imagination and the Loss of the Wild by Ellen Meloy. No description available
Writing the Qualitative Dissertation Understanding by Doing by Judith M. Meloy. No description available
The Dead Beat Lost Souls Lucky Stiffs and the Perverse Pleasures of Obituaries by Marilyn Johnson. No description available
"Dead Beat The Dresden Files 7 by Jim Butcher. The wildest, strangest, best Dresden adventure to date...Butcher s blending of modern fantasy with classic noir sensibilities ensures that there s never a dull moment. SF Site Paranormal investigations are Harry Dresden s business and Chicago is his beat, as he tries to bring law and order to a world of wizards and monsters that exists alongside everyday life. And though most inhabitants of the Windy City don t believe in magic, the Special Investigations Department of the Chicago PD knows better. Karrin Murphy is the head of S. I. and Harry s good friend. So when a killer vampire threatens to destroy Murphy s reputation unless Harry does her bidding, he has no choice. The vampire wants the Word of Kemmler whatever that is and all the power that comes with it. Now, Harry is in a race against time and six merciless necromancers to find the Word before Chicago experiences a Halloween night to wake the dead..."
Diaries 1910 1923 by Franz Kafka Max Brod Joseph Kresh Martin Greenberg. No description available
The Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka. No description available
The Metamorphosis In the Penal Colony and Other Stories The Great Short Works of Franz Kafka by Franz Kafka. No description available
The Trial by Franz Kafka Max Brod Willa Muir Edwin Muir. No description available
Franz Kafka The Complete Stories by Franz Kafka Nabum N. Glazer John Updike. No description available
The Trial by Franz Kafka Breon Mitchell Arthur H. Samuelson. No description available
The Z rau Aphorisms by Franz Kafka Michael Hofmann Geoffrey Brock Roberto Calasso. No description available
Collected Shorter Fiction Volume I by Leo Tolstoy Aylmer Maude Nigel J. Cooper. No description available
The Cossacks by Leo Tolstoy Peter Constantine Cynthia Ozick. No description available
"More Adventures of the Great Brain Great Brain 2 by John D. Fitzgerald Mercer Mayer. This second book in the series is a great combination of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and The Terrible Two series, and is perfect for fans of Roald Dahl. Has Tom, a.k.a. the Great Brain, given up his con artist ways for a bicycle? Not for long. Soon the Great Brain is back to his old tricks, swindling and trading, and even convincing the whole town there's a prehistoric monster on the loose. But when someone robs the bank, even the police are stumped. Can the Great Brain solve the crime and put the crooks behind bars?"
The Dirt Confessions of the World's Most Notorious Rock Band by Neil Strauss Vince Neil Nikki Sixx Tommy Lee Mick Mars. No description available
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Through the Looking Glass by Lewis Carroll John Tenniel. No description available
The Awakening by Kate Chopin Margo Culley. No description available
Go Down Moses by William Faulkner. No description available
The Books of Magic by Neil Gaiman John Bolton Scott Hampton Charles Vess Paul Johnson Roger Zelazny. No description available
The House of Mirth by Edith Wharton Nina Bawden. No description available
House of Mirth by Edith Wharton. No description available
The House of Mirth by Edith Wharton Jeffrey Meyers. No description available
"Light Kefahuchi Tract 1 by M. John Harrison. Listed by the Guardian as one of the top 100 science fiction books of the 21st century. On the barren surface of an asteroid, located deep in the galaxy beneath the unbearable light of the Kefahuchi Tract, lie three objects an abandoned spacecraft, a pair of bone dice covered with strange symbols, and a human skeleton. What they are and what they mean are the mysteries explored and unwrapped in LIGHT, M. John Harrison's triumphant novel."
Beautiful Evidence by Edward R. Tufte. No description available
The Cognitive Style of PowerPoint Pitching Out Corrupts Within by Edward R. Tufte. No description available
Hafen des Ungl cks Aubrey Maturin Book 11 by Patrick O'Brian. No description available
Man ver um Feuerland The Far Side of the World Aubrey Maturin Book 10 by Patrick O'Brian. No description available
Master and Commander Aubrey Maturin Book 1 by Patrick O'Brian. No description available
Post Captain Aubrey Maturin Book 2 by Patrick O'Brian. No description available
Gefahr im Roten Meer Treason's Harbour Aubrey Maturin Book 9 by Patrick O'Brian. No description available
In the Heart of the Sea The Tragedy of the Whaleship Essex by Nathaniel Philbrick. No description available
"Heart of the Sea Gallaghers of Ardmore 3 by Nora Roberts. BOOK THREE OF THE GALLAGHERS OF ARDMORE TRILOGY Walk with 1 New York Times bestselling author Nora Roberts in the shadow of an ancient tower and hear a story of dreams fulfilled and wishes come true Darcy Gallagher has always believed in the pull of fate, the magic of legend and the importance of money. She longs to find a rich man who will sweep her away into a world filled with glamour and adventure, and the exotic life that is her destiny A wealthy businessman with Irish blood, Trevor Magee has come to Ardmore to build a theater and to uncover the secrets hidden in his family s past. He thought he had given up on love long ago, but Darcy Gallagher tempts him like no woman ever has. She s gorgeous and intelligent, and she knows what she wants and he s more than willing to give it to her. But as their mutual attraction flares into passion, they look into their hearts and find out what happens when you truly believe. Don't miss the other books in the Gallaghers of Ardmore trilogy Jewels of the Sun Tears of the Moon"
Coraz n de mar Gallagher 3 by Nora Roberts Juan Larrea. No description available
Banvard's Folly Thirteen Tales of People Who Didn't Change the World by Paul Collins. No description available
Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science by Martin Gardner. No description available
South of the Border West of the Sun by Haruki Murakami Philip Gabriel. No description available
Dance Dance Dance by Haruki Murakami. No description available
After Dark by Haruki Murakami Jay Rubin. No description available
Vintage Murakami by Haruki Murakami. No description available
Gravitation 2 by Maki Murakami. Spacetime physics Physics in flat spacetime The mathematics of curved spacetime Einstein's geometric theory of gravity Relativistic stars The universe Gravitational collapse and black holes Gravitational waves Experimental tests of general relativity Frontiers
The Master and Margarita by Mikhail Bulgakov Michael Karpelson. No description available
Bulgakov's the Master and Margarita The Text as a Cipher by Elena N. Mahlow. No description available
 by Mikhail Bulgakov. No description available
Foucault's Pendulum by Umberto Eco William Weaver. No description available
Pendulum Leon Foucault and the Triumph of Science by Amir D. Aczel. No description available
The House of Mirth by Edith Wharton R.W.B. Lewis. No description available
"The Family Trade The Merchant Princes 1 by Charles Stross. Blending the creativity and humor of Roger Zelazny, the adventure of H. Beam Piper and Philip Jose Farmer, and the rigor and scope of a science fiction writer on the grandest scale, Stross has set a new standard for fantasy epics."
Toast and Other Stories by Charles Stross. No description available
Accelerando by Charles Stross. No description available
Glasshouse by Charles Stross. No description available
"The Hidden Family The Merchant Princes 2 by Charles Stross. The Bloodline Feud an omnibus edition of the first two novels in Charles Stross's The Merchant Princes series The six families of the Clan rule the kingdom of Gruinmarkt from behind the scenes. They are a mixture of nobility and criminal conspirators whose power to walk between their world and ours makes them rich in both. Miriam, a hip tech journalist from Boston, discovers her alternate world relatives with explosive results that shake three worlds. Now, as the prodigal Countess Helge Thorold Hjorth, she finds herself ensnared in schemes and plots centuries in the making. She is surrounded by unlikely allies, lethal contraband, and most dangerous of all her family. To avoid a slippery slope down to an unmarked grave, Miriam must build a power base of her own with unexpected consequences for three different time lines, including the quasi Victorian one exploited by the hidden family. At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
Lobsters by Charles Stross Shandra Marie Jared Doreck. No description available
Antibodies by Charles Stross Shandra Marie Jared Doreck. No description available
Notes from Underground White Nights The Dream of a Ridiculous Man and Selections from The House of the Dead by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Andrew R. MacAndrew Ben Marcus. No description available
The House of the Dead by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Ergin Altay. No description available
The Village of Stepanchikovo by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Ignat Avsey. No description available
Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Larissa Volokhonsky Richard Pevear. No description available
The Gambler by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Jonathan Franzen. No description available
Notes from Underground The Double by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Jessie Coulson. No description available
Notes from Underground A Confession Everyman's Library by A.D.P. Briggs Leo Tolstoy Fyodor Dostoyevsky. No description available
The Gambler Bobok A Nasty Story by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Jessie Coulson. No description available
The Idiot by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Constance Garnett. No description available
Netochka Nezvanova by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Jane Kentish. No description available
Plays 5 Arcadia The Real Thing Night and Day Indian Ink Hapgood by Tom Stoppard. No description available
Rock 'n' Roll by Tom Stoppard. No description available
The Real Thing by Tom Stoppard. No description available
Arcadia by Tom Stoppard. No description available
Plays 1 The Real Inspector Hound After Magritte Dirty Linen New Found Land Dogg's Hamlet Cahoot's Macbeth by Tom Stoppard. No description available
Every Good Boy Deserves Favor Professional Foul by Tom Stoppard. No description available
Lord Malquist and Mr. Moon by Tom Stoppard. No description available
The Gunslinger The Dark Tower 1 by Stephen King. Soon to be a major motion picture Cover.
Everything and Nothing by Jorge Luis Borges Eliot Weinberger John M. Fein James E. Irby Donald A. Yates. No description available
Seven Nights by Jorge Luis Borges Eliot Weinberger. No description available
Museo Textos Ineditos by Adolfo Bioy Casares. No description available
Obra Po tica by Jorge Luis Borges. No description available
Collected Fictions by Jorge Luis Borges Andrew Hurley. No description available
The Eternal Frontier An Ecological History of North America and Its Peoples by Tim Flannery. No description available
Hope Springs Eternal Prairie River 4 by Kristiana Gregory. No description available
The Ancestor's Tale A Pilgrimage to the Dawn of Evolution by Richard Dawkins. No description available
"The Reverse of the Medal Aubrey Maturin 11 by Patrick O'Brian. When Jack Aubrey makes some bad investments which involve him with the London underworld, he must rely on Stephen Maturin, an intelligence officer on his ship, to get him out of trouble."
"The Reverse of the Medal Aubrey Maturin 11 by Patrick O'Brian Simon Vance. An overwhelming, outstanding novel...! Irish Times Captain Jack Aubrey, accomplished at sea but dreadfully vulnerable on land, finds himself ashore after a successful cruise. With his prize money burning a hole in his pocket, he is persuaded by a kind stranger he meets at a tavern to make certain investments. This innocent decision ensnares him in the London criminal underground and in government espionage?the province of his friend Stephen Maturin, now tasked with rescuing his imperiled friend as he also attempts to locate his wayward wife, Diana Villiers. Is Aubrey s humiliation and the threatened ruin of his career a deliberate plot? This dark tale is a fitting backdrop to the brilliant characterization and sparkling dialogue which Patrick O Brian s readers have come to expect."
Teleny or the Reverse of the Medal by Oscar Wilde. No description available
The Code Book The Science of Secrecy from Ancient Egypt to Quantum Cryptography by Simon Singh. No description available
"The Eternity Code Artemis Fowl 3 by Eoin Colfer. Artemis Fowl is going straight as soon as he pulls off the most brilliant criminal feat of his career... but his plan goes awry, leaving his loyal bodyguard, Butler, mortally injured. Artemis knows his only hope to save Butler lies in fairy magic, so once again he is forced to contact his old rival, Captain Holly Short of the LEPrepcon fairy police. Miraculously, Butler is healed, but there is a catch he has aged fifteen years."
How I Became a Pirate by Melinda Long David Shannon. No description available
The Pirate Dictionary by Terry Breverton. No description available
Mulliner Nights Mr. Mulliner 3 by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Life at Blandings by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Jill the Reckless by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
The Code of the Woosters Jeeves to the Rescue by P.G. Wodehouse Jonathan Cecil. No description available
P.G. Wodehouse in His Own Words by P.G. Wodehouse Tony Ring Barry Day. No description available
"Jeeves and the Mating Season Jeeves 9 by P.G. Wodehouse Jonathan Cecil. Bertram Wooster and his man Jeeves wander through an English country estate, peopled by lovers, five aunts, and a butler."
"Something Fresh Blandings Castle 1 by P.G. Wodehouse. A Blandings novel This is the first Blandings novel, in which P.G. Wodehouse introduces us to the delightfully dotty Lord Emsworth, his bone headed younger son, the Hon. Freddie Threepwood, his long suffering secretary, the Efficient Baxter, and Beach the Blandings butler. As Wodehouse wrote, ?without at least one impostor on the premises, Blandings Castle is never itself?. In Something Fresh there are two, each with an eye on a valuable scarab which Lord Emsworth has acquired without quite realizing how it came into his pocket. But of course things get a lot more complicated than this..."
The Clicking of Cuthbert by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Ring for Jeeves Jeeves 10 by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Ukridge by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
"Jeeves and the Tie That Binds Jeeves 14 by P.G. Wodehouse. Jeeves belongs to a club for butlers, and one of the rules is that every member must contribute to the club book everything about the fellow he's working for. Jeeves is so taken with his employer, Bertie Wooster, that he writes eighteen pages about him and Bertie, quite naturally, is perturbed. Suppose the book falls into the wrong hands ..."
"Right Ho Jeeves Jeeves 6 by P.G. Wodehouse. Right Ho, Jeeves by P. G. Wodehouse Right Ho, Jeeves is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse, the second full length novel featuring the popular characters Jeeves and Bertie Wooster, after Thank You, Jeeves. It also features a host of other recurring Wodehouse characters, and is mostly set at Brinkley Court, the home of Bertie's Aunt Dahlia. It was first published in the United Kingdom on October 5, 1934 by Herbert Jenkins, London, and in the United States on October 15, 1934 by Little, Brown and Company, Boston, under the title Brinkley Manor. Before being published as a book, it had been sold to the Saturday Evening Post, in which it appeared in serial form from December 23, 1933 to January 27, 1934, and in England in Grand Magazine from April to September 1934. Wodehouse had already started planning this sequel while working on Thank You, Jeeves. We are delighted to publish this classic book as part of our extensive Classic Library collection. Many of the books in our collection have been out of print for decades, and therefore have not been accessible to the general public. The aim of our publishing program is to facilitate rapid access to this vast reservoir of literature, and our view is that this is a significant literary work, which deserves to be brought back into print after many decades. The contents of the vast majority of titles in the Classic Library have been scanned from the original works. To ensure a high quality product, each title has been meticulously hand curated by our staff. Our philosophy has been guided by a desire to provide the reader with a book that is as close as possible to ownership of the original work. We hope that you will enjoy this wonderful classic work, and that for you it becomes an enriching experience."
"Blandings Castle Blandings Castle 3 by P.G. Wodehouse. Take a pig, a fat headed earl, a country house, several pairs of frustrated lovers, some scheming outsiders, and all sorts of people who aren't who they say they are. Mix thoroughly and apply the Wodehouse magic. The result is the lightest of literary souffl es, another instalment in the long running saga of the Threepwood family, including the head of the clan, Lord Emsworth, his virago sister, Lady Constance, and his debonair brother, the Honourable Galahad Threepwood, ex boulevardier and solver of romantic problems."
Mr. Mulliner Speaking by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Laughing Gas by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
The Adventures of Sally by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Meet Mr. Mulliner by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Eggs Beans and Crumpets by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
A Damsel in Distress by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Uncle Fred in the Springtime Blandings Castle 6 by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
The Best of Wodehouse An Anthology by P.G. Wodehouse John Mortimer. No description available
The World of Mr. Mulliner by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Cocktail Time by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
"The Waste Lands The Dark Tower 3 by Stephen King Ned Dameron. The third volume in the 1 nationally bestselling Dark Tower Series, involving the enigmatic Roland the last gunfighter and his ongoing quest for the Dark Tower, is Stephen King at his best School Library Journal . Several months have passed since The Drawing of the Three, and in The Waste Lands, Roland s two new tet mates have become trained gunslingers. Eddie Dean has given up heroin, and Odetta s two selves have joined, becoming the stronger and more balanced personality of Susannah Dean. But Roland altered ka by saving the life of Jake Chambers, a boy who in Roland s world has already died. Now Roland and Jake exist in different worlds, but they are joined by the same madness the paradox of double memories. Roland, Susannah, and Eddie must draw Jake into Mid World and then follow the Path of the Beam all the way to the Dark Tower. There are new evils new dangers to threaten Roland s little band in the devastated city of Lud and the surrounding wastelands, as well as horrific confrontations with Blaine the Mono, the piratical Gasher, and the frightening Tick Tock Man. The Dark Tower Series continues to show Stephen King as a master of his craft. What lands, what peoples has he visited that are so unreachable to us except in the pages of his incredible books? Now Roland s strange odyssey continues. The Waste Lands follows The Gunslinger and The Drawing of the Three as the third volume in what may be the most extraordinary and imaginative cycle of tales in the English language."
"Jeeves in the Offing Jeeves 12 by P.G. Wodehouse. Fans of P. G. Wodehouse's comic genius are legion, and their devotion to his masterful command of hilarity borders on obsession. Overlook happily feeds the obsession with four more antic selections from the master. Blandings Castle is a collection of tales concerning Lord Emsworth and the Threepwood clan, while Jeeves in the Offing finds Bertie Wooster in yet another scrape with the peerless Jeeves out of sight, on vacation Poor Bertie nearly becomes unstuck Young Men in Spats is Wodehouse at his most sparkling stories concerning members of the inimitable Drones Club they may be small of brain and short on cash but they are always good for ingenious adventures. And in The Luck of the Bodkins, the action spans London, New York, Hollywood, and several transatlantic liners, as three dapper young men find themselves in various Wodehousian predicaments concerning their love lives and finances. Each volume has been reset and printed on Scottish cream wove, acid free paper, sewn and bound in cloth. These novels are elegant and essential additions to any Wodehouse fan's library."
"Jeeves and The Feudal Spirit Jeeves 11 by P.G. Wodehouse. A Jeeves and Wooster novel The beefy 'Stilton' Cheesewright has drawn Bertie Wooster as red hot favourite in the Drones club annual darts tournament which is lucky for Bertie because otherwise Stilton would have beaten him to a pulp and buttered the lawn with him. Stilton does not, after all like men who he thinks are trifling with his fianc e's affections. Meanwhile Bertie has committed a more heinous offence by growing a moustache, and Jeeves strongly disapproves which is unfortunate, because Jeeves's feudal spirit is desperately needed. Bertie's Aunt Dahlia is trying to sell her magazine Milady's Boudoir to the Trotter Empire and still keep her amazing chef Anatole out of Lady Trotter's clutches. And Bertie? Bertie simply has to try to hold onto his moustache and hope he gets to the end in one piece."
Piccadilly Jim by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Joy in the Morning Jeeves 8 by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
Indiscretions of Archie by P.G. Wodehouse. No description available
"The Subtle Knife His Dark Materials 2 by Philip Pullman. Book 2 in His Dark Materials series A New York Times Bestseller A Publishers Weekly BestsellerThe epic adventure continues as Lyra finds herself in the beautiful, haunted world of Citta gazze. But here she encounters an ally. Like Lyra, Will Parry has spent his childhood playing games. Unlike hers, though, his have been deadly serious. Soon Will and Lyra uneasily embark on a great adventure and head into great tragedy. An Accelerated Reader R title"
The Amber Spyglass His Dark Materials 3 by Philip Pullman. No description available
The Eyes of the Dragon by Stephen King David Palladini. No description available
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader The Chronicles of Narnia 3 by C.S. Lewis Pauline Baynes. No description available
Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov John Ray Jr.. No description available
William Shakespeare s Twelfth Night Shakespeare Retellings 6 by Bruce Coville Kathryn Hewitt. No description available
Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare Paul Werstine Barbara A. Mowat. No description available
Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare Rex Gibson. No description available
Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare Michael Sheen Kate Beckinsale Fiona Shaw Norman Rodway. No description available
"Ohio Class Silent Service 5 by H. Jay Riker. For years, the Ohio class submarine served as one of the frontline weapons in America's nuclear Navy. But with the collapse of the USSR, America needs to modernize its arsenal to take into account its new enemies. With that goal, the Navy begins a controversial conversion of the USS Ohio to take America into the future of naval warfare. The Ohio's ballistic missiles have been replaced, the tubes now capable of a two pronged attack. What had been used to house ICBMs now can contain SEALs or a new prototype of underwater submarine, a revolutionary undersea fighter that flies through the water, striking targets at will. Both barrels will be brought to bear against America's newest enemy, Iran. The zealots in power have unleased a terrible two pronged plan, hoping to attack oil rich nations Oman and the UAE, while at the same time lauching a devasting attack on the American Fifth Fleet in the Gulf. Only one group of sailors and commandos can stop them the compliment of the USS Ohio."
Seawolf Class Silent Service 3 by H. Jay Riker. No description available
The Art of Deception Controlling the Human Element of Security by Kevin D. Mitnick William L. Simon Steve Wozniak. No description available
Hardball Are You Playing to Play or Playing to Win? by George Stalk Jr. Rob Lachenauer Robert Lachenauer John Butman. No description available
A Theory of Fun for Game Design by Raph Koster Will Wright. No description available
The Complete Theory Fun Factory Music Theory Puzzles and Games for the Early Grades by Ian Martin Katie Elliott. No description available
The Pillow Book by Sei Sh nagon Ivan Morris. No description available
Bachelor Brothers' Bed Breakfast Pillow Book by Bill Richardson. No description available
The Cyberiad by Stanis aw Lem Michael Kandel Daniel Mr z. No description available
Christianity for Modern Pagans Pascal's Pens es Edited Outlined Explained by Peter Kreeft Blaise Pascal. No description available
Jacques the Fatalist by Denis Diderot David Coward. No description available
Jacques der Fatalist und sein Herr by Denis Diderot. No description available
Pictorial Encyclopedia of Trades and Industry Vol 1 by Denis Diderot Charles Coulston Gillispie. No description available
Rameau's Nephew D'Alembert's Dream by Denis Diderot Leonard Tancock. No description available
Theory of Colours by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Deane B. Judd. No description available
Maxims and Reflections by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Peter Hutchinson Elisabeth Stopp. No description available
War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy. No description available
War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy Anthony Briggs Orlando Figes. No description available
A Savage War of Peace Algeria 1954 1962 by Alistair Horne. No description available
War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy Constance Garnett A.N. Wilson. No description available
War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy Orlando Figes Anthony Briggs. No description available
War and Peace and War The Rise and Fall of Empires by Peter Turchin. No description available
Great Expectations by Charles Dickens. No description available
Great Expectations by Charles Dickens Linda Jennings. No description available
Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens. No description available
Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens Fred Kaplan. No description available
Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens George Cruikshank Jill Muller. No description available
The Nibelungenlied by Unknown A.T. Hatto. No description available
Gargantua and Pantagruel by Fran ois Rabelais Thomas Urquhart Pierre Le Motteux. No description available
Gargantua and Pantagruel by Fran ois Rabelais M.A. Screech. No description available
Beyond Good and Evil Prelude to a Philosophy of the Future by Friedrich Nietzsche Walter Kaufmann. No description available
Phenomenology of Perception by Maurice Merleau Ponty Colin Smith. No description available
Introduction to Phenomenology by Dermot Moran. No description available
Introduction to Phenomenology by Robert Sokolowski. No description available
The Basic Problems of Phenomenology Studies in Phenomenology Existential Philosophy by Martin Heidegger Albert Hofstadter. No description available
The Phenomenology of Mind Volume II by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel James Black Baillie. No description available
Experimental Phenomenology An Introduction by Don Ihde. No description available
Critique of Pure Reason by Immanuel Kant J.M.D. Meiklejohn. No description available
Critique of Pure Reason by Immanuel Kant Paul Guyer Allen W. Wood. No description available
Critique of Pure Reason by Immanuel Kant Werner S. Pluhar Patricia Kitcher James W. Ellington. No description available
Critique of Pure Reason by Immanuel Kant Marcus Weigelt F. Max M ller. No description available
Critique of Pure Reason Studies in the History of Philosophy by Immanuel Kant Humphrey Palmer. No description available
The Anime Encyclopedia A Guide to Japanese Animation Since 1917 by Jonathan Clements Helen McCarthy. No description available
Unpublished Writings from the Period of Unfashionable Observations Complete Works 11 by Friedrich Nietzsche Richard T. Gray. No description available
Thus Spake Zarathustra A Book for All and None by Friedrich Nietzsche. No description available
The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde. No description available
Haussmann or the Distinction by Paul La Farge. No description available
The Artist of the Missing by Paul La Farge Stephen Alcorn. No description available
"Reluctant Runaway To Catch a Thief 2 by Jill Elizabeth Nelson. Museum security expert Desiree Jacobs is back in this sequel to Reluctant Burglar, and only she can unearth the horrifying secret that links together stolen Indian artifacts, a murdered museum guard, a missing woman, and a baby in danger. Desiree Desi Jacobs doesn t mean to get in danger s path. Really she doesn t. But when a friend is in trouble you don t just walk away, no matter what your overprotective FBI agent boyfriend says. So when Desi and Tony s date at a presidential ball is interrupted by a frantic Maxine Webb, Desi doesn t hesitate to jump in. Soon Desi is neck deep in a confusing array of villains. Did Maxine s niece run away or was she taken? Is she still alive or the victim of a perverse ritual? And who wants her infant son and why? Then Tony s organized crime case collides with Desi s investigation, throwing them both into the path of something dark and sinister. Something that craves blood. From the streets of Desi s beloved Boston to the mountain desert of New Mexico, Desi and Tony must rely on God to thwart unseen forces and save a young woman and her baby from a villain more evil than any of them can imagine."
Kentucky Straight Stories by Chris Offutt. No description available
Out of the Woods by Chris Offutt. No description available
No Heroes A Memoir of Coming Home by Chris Offutt. No description available
The Castle Keeps by Andrew J. Offutt. No description available
Conan Sword of Skelos by Andrew J. Offutt. No description available
Incest From A Journal of Love The Unexpurgated Diary of Ana s Nin 1932 1934 by Ana s Nin Rupert Pole Gunther Stuhlmann. No description available
Fire From A Journal of Love The Unexpurgated Diary of Ana s Nin 1934 1937 by Ana s Nin. No description available
In Favor of the Sensitive Man and Other Essays by Ana s Nin. No description available
Ana s Nin A Biography by Deirdre Bair. No description available
Fire From A Journal of Love The Unexpurgated Diary of Ana s Nin 1934 1937 by Ana s Nin Gunther Stuhlmann. No description available
The Diary of Ana s Nin Vol. 6 1955 1966 by Ana s Nin Gunther Stuhlmann. No description available
Nearer the Moon From A Journal of Love The Unexpurgated Diary of Ana s Nin 1937 1939 by Ana s Nin Gunther Stuhlmann. No description available
The Early Diary of Ana s Nin Vol. 3 1923 1927 by Ana s Nin. No description available
Henry and June From the Unexpurgated Diary of Ana s Nin by Ana s Nin. No description available
Flowers for Algernon by Daniel Keyes. No description available
Algernon Charlie and I A Writer's Journey Plus the Complete Original Short Novelette Version of Flowers for Algernon by Daniel Keyes. No description available
Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bront. No description available
The Death of Ivan Ilyich and Other Stories by Leo Tolstoy. No description available
The Death of Ivan Ilych Other Stories by Leo Tolstoy. No description available
The Lost Years of Merlin by T.A. Barron. No description available
The Mirror of Merlin by T.A. Barron. No description available
The Wings of Merlin by T.A. Barron. No description available
El Club Dante by Matthew Pearl Vicente Villacampa. No description available
El club Dante by Matthew Pearl Vicente Villacampa. No description available
Gone with the Wind by Margaret Mitchell. No description available
The Wind Done Gone by Alice Randall. No description available
Utopia by Thomas More Clarence H. Miller. No description available
Utopia by Thomas More Paul Turner. No description available
The Kissing Hand by Audrey Penn Ruth E. Harper Nancy M. Leak. No description available
Hands of Light A Guide to Healing Through the Human Energy Field by Barbara Ann Brennan Jos. A. Smith. No description available
Gifted Hands The Ben Carson Story by Ben Carson Cecil Murphey. No description available
Shake Hands with the Devil by Rom o Dallaire. No description available
In the Name of Love and Other True Cases Crime Files 4 by Ann Rule. From true cases in crime files. Written by a former Seattle policewoman.
The Rule of Four by Ian Caldwell Dustin Thomason. No description available
"The Real Rule of Four The Unauthorized Guide to the New York Times 1 Bestseller by Joscelyn Godwin. Ian Caldwell and Dustin Thomason s The Rule of Four is already a bookselling phenomenon. The Ivy League super achievers drew upon an authentic 1499 Renaissance text to create their thriller about two Princeton undergraduates who try to unravel the mysteries of the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili pronounced HIP ne RO to MA kia PO li FEE li . The Hypnerotomachia Poliphili is an erotic, pagan epic, written in a private language peppered with words taken from Latin and Greek and decorated with Egyptian hieroglyphs. It was not translated into English for 500 years, until 1999, when Joscelyn Godwin finally achieved that near impossible task. The Real Rule of Four, Professor Godwin carefully investigates each aspect of the history of the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili and its use in The Rule of Four, including What is the Hypnerotomachia? Who wrote the Hypnerotomachia? A central theme of The Rule of Four What does the Hypnerotomachia mean? Places and people in The Rule of Four Glossary of names and terms in The Rule of Four Lavishly illustrated with reproductions of the many beautiful woodcuts in the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili, a fold out color map and photographs of the featured locations at Princeton University, The Real Rule of Four is an indispensable guide to the many fans of Caldwell and Thomason s best selling novel."
Time For Kids Butterflies! by David Bjerklie. No description available
Macbeth by William Shakespeare Robert S. Miola Janet Adelman Stephen Orgel Peter Holland. No description available
Macbeth by William Shakespeare Kenneth Muir. No description available
Macbeth by William Shakespeare Roma Gill. No description available
"Death of a Celebrity Hamish Macbeth 17 by M.C. Beaton. Travel to the Scotland Highlands with this classic Hamish Macbeth cozy mystery from the author of the Agatha Raisin series. Death of a Celebrity A Hamish Macbeth Mystery Murder on the Telly Lochdubh, a remote village reached only by a one track lane, nestles serenely amid Scotland's hills...until well known TV reporter Crystal French races into town in her bright BMW. And Constable Hamish Macbeth, dourly wed to duty instead of the fiancee who dumped him, promptly gives her a summons for reckless driving. Outraged, Crystal makes Macbeth's life a misery with a TV report on policing in the Highlands. When she also rakes up old local scandals for her new hit show, Macbeth notes that someone besides himself might be dead keen to stop her. Then someone does with stealth and violence. Now, finding out who did it will lead the laconic Macbeth down roads he never envisioned, into a dark story of passion and vengeance...and perhaps a crisis of the heart all his own."
The Best of the Journal of Irreproducible Results by George H. Scherr Richard Liebmann Smith. No description available
"The Spy Who Loved Me James Bond 10 by Ian Fleming. DigiCat Publishing presents to you this special edition of The Spy Who Loved Me by Ian Fleming. DigiCat Publishing considers every written word to be a legacy of humankind. Every DigiCat book has been carefully reproduced for republishing in a new modern format. The books are available in print, as well as ebooks. DigiCat hopes you will treat this work with the acknowledgment and passion it deserves as a classic of world literature."
Conversations with Jerzy Kosinski by Jerzy Kosi ski Tom Teicholz. No description available
Frankenstein Makes a Sandwich by Adam Rex. No description available
Frankenstein or the Modern Prometheus by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley Margaret Brantley. No description available
Frankenstein by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley J. Paul Hunter. No description available
Mary Shelley Her Life Her Fiction Her Monsters by Anne K. Mellor. No description available
The Faerie Queene Books I to III by Edmund Spenser Douglas Brooks Davies. No description available
The Faerie Queene by Edmund Spenser. No description available
To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf Eudora Welty. No description available
The Diary of Virginia Woolf Volume One 1915 1919 by Virginia Woolf Anne Olivier Bell Quentin Bell. No description available
The Diary of Virginia Woolf Volume Five 1936 1941 by Virginia Woolf Anne Olivier Bell Andrew McNeillie. No description available
The Diary of Virginia Woolf Volume Three 1925 1930 by Virginia Woolf Anne Olivier Bell Andrew McNeillie. No description available
Dr. Faustus by Christopher Marlowe. No description available
The Complete Plays by Christopher Marlowe Robert Lindsey Frank Romany. No description available
Doctor Faustus and Other Plays by Christopher Marlowe Eric Rasmussen David Bevington. No description available
Cyrano de Bergerac by Edmond Rostand Brian Hooker Walter Hampden. No description available
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead by Tom Stoppard. No description available
King Lear by William Shakespeare Stanley Wells. No description available
King Lear Macbeth Indefinition and Tragedy by Stephen Booth. No description available
A Break with Charity A Story about the Salem Witch Trials by Ann Rinaldi. No description available
A Break With Charity A Story of the Salem Witch Trials by Ann Rinaldi. No description available
"The Cay The Cay 1 by Theodore Taylor. For fans of Hatchet and Island of the Blue Dolphins comes Theodore Taylor s classic bestseller and Lewis Carroll Shelf Award winner, The Cay. Phillip is excited when the Germans invade the small island of Cura ao. War has always been a game to him, and he s eager to glimpse it firsthand until the freighter he and his mother are traveling to the United States on is torpedoed. When Phillip comes to, he is on a small raft in the middle of the sea. Besides Stew Cat, his only companion is an old West Indian, Timothy. Phillip remembers his mother s warning about black people They are different, and they live differently. But by the time the castaways arrive on a small island, Phillip s head injury has made him blind and dependent on Timothy. Mr. Taylor has provided an exciting story The idea that all humanity would benefit from this special form of color blindness permeates the whole book The result is a story with a high ethical purpose but no sermon. New York Times Book Review A taut tightly compressed story of endurance and revelation At once barbed and tender, tense and fragile as Timothy would say, outrageous good. Kirkus Reviews Fully realized setting artful, unobtrusive use of dialect the representation of a hauntingly deep love, the poignancy of which is rarely achieved in children s literature. School Library Journal, Starred Starkly dramatic, believable and compelling. Saturday Review A tense and moving experience in reading. Publishers Weekly Eloquently underscores the intrinsic brotherhood of man. Booklist This is one of the best survival stories since Robinson Crusoe. The Washington Star A New York Times Best Book of the Year A School Library Journal Best Book of the Year A Horn Book Honor Book An American Library Association Notable Book A Publishers Weekly Children s Book to Remember A Child Study Association s Pick of Children s Books of the Year Jane Addams Book Award Lewis Carroll Shelf Award Commonwealth Club of California Literature Award Southern California Council on Literature for Children and Young People Award Woodward School Annual Book Award Friends of the Library Award, University of California at Irvine"
The Queen of Whale Cay The Eccentric Story of 'Joe' Carstairs Fastest Woman on Water by Kate Summerscale Joe Carstairs. No description available
Everest Mountain Without Mercy by Broughton Coburn David Breashears Tim Cahill. No description available
The Summit Everest 3 by Gordon Korman. No description available
Everest Expedition to the Ultimate by Reinhold Messner. No description available
"Everything on a Waffle Coal Harbour 1 by Polly Horvath. A New York Times BestsellerA Newbery Honor Book 2002Primrose simply knows her parents did not perish at sea, but can't convince the other residents of Coal Harbour. But true sanctuary can always be found at a restaurant called The Girl on the Red Swing, where everything, including lasagna is served on a waffle."
Summer of my German Soldier by Bette Greene. No description available
Hamlet Oxford Bookworms Library Stage 2 by Alistair McCallum William Shakespeare. No description available
By Myself and Then Some by Lauren Bacall. No description available
Touching the Void The True Story of One Man's Miraculous Survival by Joe Simpson. No description available
The Mercy of Thin Air by Ronlyn Domingue. No description available
"Thin Air Spenser 22 by Robert B. Parker David Dukes. Her name is Lisa St. Claire. Her husband's a cop. Her whereabouts are unknown. Spenser thought he could help a friend find his missing wife. Until he learned the nasty truth about Lisa St. Claire. For starters, it's not her real name..."
Princess Sultana's Daughters by Jean Sasson. No description available
The State of the Art by Iain M. Banks. No detailed description available for The State of the Art .
"The Player of Games Culture 2 by Iain M. Banks. The novels of Iain M. Banks have forever changed the face of modern science fiction. His Culture books combine breathtaking imagination with exceptional storytelling, and have secured his reputation as one of the most extraordinary and influential writers in the genre. 'Banks is a phenomenon' William Gibson The Culture a utopian human machine symbiotic society has thrown up many expert Game Players, and one of the greatest is Jernau Morat Gurgeh. He is Master of every board, computer and strategy he is The Player of Games. Bored with success, Gurgeh travels to the cruel and incredibly wealthy Empire of Azad to try their infamous game . . . a game so complex, so like life itself, that the winner becomes emperor. Mocked, blackmailed, almost murdered, Gurgeh plays the game, and faces the challenge of his life and very possibly his death. Praise for the Culture series 'Epic in scope, ambitious in its ideas and absorbing in its execution' Independent on Sunday 'Banks has created one of the most enduring and endearing visions of the future' Guardian 'Jam packed with extraordinary invention' Scotsman 'Compulsive reading' Sunday Telegraph The Culture series Consider Phlebas The Player of Games Use of Weapons Excession Inversions Look to Windward Matter Surface Detail The Hydrogen Sonata The State of the Art Other books by Iain M. Banks Against a Dark Background Feersum Endjinn The Algebraist Also now available The Culture The Drawings an extraordinary collection of original illustrations faithfully reproduced from sketchbooks Banks kept in the 1970s and 80s, depicting the ships, habitats, geography, weapons and language of Banks' Culture series of novels in incredible detail."
Feersum Endjinn by Iain M. Banks. No description available
Use of Weapons by Iain M. Banks. No description available
Le Sens du vent by Iain M. Banks. No description available
Two Girls Fat and Thin by Mary Gaitskill. No description available
Three Novels Five Short Stories by Daphne du Maurier. No description available
Galileo's Daughter A Historical Memoir of Science Faith and Love by Dava Sobel. No description available
Galileo's Daughter by Dava Sobel. No description available
"Shop in the Name of Love The Cheetah Girls 2 by Deborah Gregory Paul Mantell. Chanel doesn t want to wait until the Cheetah Girls strike it rich to earn enough to buy all the clothes she adores, so she starts charging on her mom s credit card."
The Secret Garden Talking Beetles and Signaling Trees The Hidden Ways Gardens Communicate by David Bodanis. No description available
E mc2 A Biography of the World's Most Famous Equation by David Bodanis Ralph L. Fowler. No description available
The Botany of Desire A Plant's Eye View of the World by Michael Pollan. No description available
Meeting God at Every Turn by Catherine Marshall. No description available
My Life by Bill Clinton. No description available
My Life Volume I The Early Years by Bill Clinton. No description available
Murder on the Yellow Brick Road Toby Peters 2 by Stuart M. Kaminsky. No description available
Down the Yellow Brick Road The Making of The Wizard of Oz by Doug McClelland Ted Sennett. No description available
Alentejo Blue by Monica Ali. No description available
Brick Lane by Monica Ali. No description available
No Ordinary Time Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt The Home Front in World War II by Doris Kearns Goodwin. No description available
Going to Pieces Without Falling Apart A Buddhist Perspective on Wholeness by Mark Epstein Charlie Conrad. No description available
One More For The Road by Ray Bradbury. No description available
Female Chauvinist Pigs Women and the Rise of Raunch Culture by Ariel Levy. No description available
Half of a Yellow Sun by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie. No description available
"Beauty's Punishment Sleeping Beauty 2 by A.N. Roquelaure Anne Rice. The delicious and erotically charged sequel to The Claiming of Sleeping Beauty, from the author of Beauty's Kingdom. This sequel to The Claiming of Sleeping Beauty, the first of Anne Rice's writing as A.N. Roquelaure elegantly written volumes of erotica, continues her explicit, teasing exploration of the psychology of human desire. Now Beauty, having indulged in a secret and forbidden infatuation with the rebellious slave Prince Tristan, is sent away from the Satyricon like world of the Castle. Sold at auction, she will soon experience the tantalizing punishments of the village, as her education in love, cruelty, dominance, submission, and tenderness is turned over to the brazenly handsome Captain of the Guard. And once again Rice's fabulous tale of pleasure and pain dares to explore the most primal and well hidden desires of the human heart. Preceding the visceral eroticism of E.L. James Fifty Shades of Grey and Sylvia Day's Bared to You, and even more haunting than her own novel Belinda, this second installment is not to be missed."
The World's Last Night And Other Essays by C.S. Lewis. No description available
Last Night Stories by James Salter. No description available
The Last Night of Ballyhoo by Alfred Uhry. No description available
Civilization and Its Discontents by Sigmund Freud Louis Menand. No description available
Civilization and Its Discontents by Sigmund Freud James Strachey. No description available
"I Claudius Claudius 1 by Robert Graves. Considered an idiot because of his physical infirmities, Claudius survived the intrigues and poisonings of the reigns of Augustus, Tiberius, and the Mad Caligula to become emperor in 41 A.D. A masterpiece."
The Modern Mind An Intellectual History of the 20th Century by Peter Watson. No description available
Origins of the Modern Mind Three Stages in the Evolution of Culture and Cognition by Merlin Donald. No description available
Beyond the Post Modern Mind The Place of Meaning in a Global Civilization by Huston Smith. No description available
Sanctuary by William Faulkner. No description available
The Portable Faulkner by William Faulkner Malcolm Cowley. No description available
One Matchless Time A Life of William Faulkner by Jay Parini. No description available
"The Guermantes Way In Search of Lost Time 3 by Marcel Proust C.K. Scott Moncrieff Terence Kilmartin D.J. Enright. The Guermantes Way, in this the third volume of In Search of Lost Time, refers to the path that leads to the Duc and Duchess de Guermantes s ch teau near Combray. It also represents the narrator s passage into the rarefied social kaleidoscope of the Guermantes s Paris salon, an important intellectual playground for Parisian society, where he becomes a party to the wit and manners of the Guermantes s drawing room. Here he encounters nobles, officers, socialites, and assorted consorts, including Robert de Saint Loup and his prostitute mistress Rachel, the Baron de Charlus, and the Prince de Borodino. For this authoritative English language edition, D. J. Enright has revised the late Terence Kilmartin s acclaimed reworking of C. K. Scott Moncrieff s translation to take into account the new definitive French editions of la recherch du temps perdu the final volume of these new editions was published by the Biblioth que de la Pl iade in 1989 ."
"The Guermantes Way In Search of Lost Time 3 by Marcel Proust Mark Treharne Christopher Prendergast. The Guermantes Way, in this the third volume of In Search of Lost Time, refers to the path that leads to the Duc and Duchess de Guermantes s ch teau near Combray. It also represents the narrator s passage into the rarefied social kaleidoscope of the Guermantes s Paris salon, an important intellectual playground for Parisian society, where he becomes a party to the wit and manners of the Guermantes s drawing room. Here he encounters nobles, officers, socialites, and assorted consorts, including Robert de Saint Loup and his prostitute mistress Rachel, the Baron de Charlus, and the Prince de Borodino. For this authoritative English language edition, D. J. Enright has revised the late Terence Kilmartin s acclaimed reworking of C. K. Scott Moncrieff s translation to take into account the new definitive French editions of la recherch du temps perdu the final volume of these new editions was published by the Biblioth que de la Pl iade in 1989 ."
"Sodom and Gomorrah In Search of Lost Time 4 by Marcel Proust Christopher Prendergast John Sturrock. Widely recognized as the major novel of the twentieth century, this French coming of age story in the tradition of philosophical fiction Harold Bloom, literary critic . Sodom and Gomorrah is the fourth volume of Marcel Proust s masterpiece, In Search of Lost Time, and the last publication from the French literary classic that Proust was able to preside over before his death in 1922. Touching on homosexuality for the first time, Sodom and Gomorrah is also a penetrating, often comic portrayal of French high society as well as a metaphysical exploration of the nature of time, memory, art, love, and death. Proust so titillates my own desire for expression that I can hardly set out the sentence. Oh if I could write like that! Virginia Woolf The greatest fiction to date. W. Somerset Maugham Proust is the greatest novelist of the 20th century. Graham Greene"
In Search of Lost Time Vol. 2 Within a Budding Grove Part 2 The Guermantes' Way by Marcel Proust C.K. Scott Moncrieff Terence Kilmartin. No description available
"The Captive The Fugitive In Search of Lost Time 5 6 by Marcel Proust C.K. Scott Moncrieff Terence Kilmartin D.J. Enright. A USA Today bestseller He'll never be free... Captured and tortured by the French, Christian Severn, Duke of Mercia, survives by vowing to take revenge on his tormentors. Before the duke can pursue his version of justice, Gillian, Countess of Greendale, reminds him that his small daughter has suffered much in his absence, and needs her papa desperately. Until he surrenders his heart... Gilly endured her difficult marriage by avoiding confrontation and keeping peace at any cost. Christian's devotion to his daughter and his kindness toward Gilly give her hope that she could enjoy a future with him, for surely he of all men shares her loathing for violence in any form. Little does Gilly know, the battle for Christian's heart is only beginning."
"Finding Time Again In Search of Lost Time 7 by Marcel Proust Ian Patterson Christopher Prendergast. The long awaited final volume in the acclaimed Penguin translation of Marcel Proust s In Search of Lost Time one of the world s most beloved works of literature The greatest literary work of the twentieth century. The New York Times A Penguin Classics Deluxe Edition with flaps and deckle edged paper Ian Patterson s acclaimed new translation of Finding Time Again introduces a new generation of American readers to the literary riches of Marcel Proust. The seventh and final volume in Penguin Classics' superb new edition of In Search of Lost Time the first completely new translation of Proust's masterpiece since the 1920s brings us a more comic and lucid prose than readers of English have previously been able to enjoy. In Finding Time Again, Marcel discovers his world destroyed by war and those he knew transformed by the march of time. An exquisite picture of France in the throes of the First World War, and containing, in the Bal des t tes sequence, one of Proust s most devastating set pieces, Finding Time Again triumphantly describes the paradox of facing mortality yet overcoming it through the act of writing. As Marcel rediscovers his vocation, he realizes that he can live on by writing down the story of his own memories and of his quest to recapture the past."
The Way by Swann s In Search of Lost Time 1 by Marcel Proust Lydia Davis Christopher Prendergast. No description available
Dostoevsky The Mantle of the Prophet 1871 1881 by Joseph Frank. No description available
Dostoevsky by Richard Freeborn. No description available
Dostoevsky The Stir of Liberation 1860 1865 by Joseph Frank. No description available
Dostoevsky Kierkegaard Nietzsche and Kafka by William Hubben. No description available
Problems of Dostoevsky's Poetics by Mikhail Bakhtin Caryl Emerson. No description available
Dostoevsky The Years of Ordeal 1850 1859 by Joseph Frank. No description available
The Possessed by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Constance Garnett Elizabeth Dalton. No description available
Money by Martin Amis. No description available
House of Meetings by Martin Amis. No description available
The Rachel Papers by Martin Amis. No description available
Yellow Dog by Martin Amis. No description available
Success by Martin Amis. No description available
Koba the Dread Laughter and the Twenty Million by Martin Amis. No description available
Dead Babies by Martin Amis. No description available
Beginning Again An Autobiography of The Years 1911 to 1918 by Leonard Woolf. No description available
Virginia Woolf A Biography by Quentin Bell. No description available
Cliffs Notes on Woolf's Mrs. Dalloway by Gary K. Carey. No description available
Orlando by Virginia Woolf. No description available
The Common Reader by Virginia Woolf Andrew McNeillie. No description available
A Room of One's Own by Virginia Woolf Mark Hussey Susan Gubar. No description available
Women and Writing by Virginia Woolf Mich le Barrett. No description available
Flush by Virginia Woolf Trekkie Ritchie. No description available
Virginia Woolf by Hermione Lee. No description available
The Letters of Virginia Woolf Volume Six 1936 1941 by Virginia Woolf Nigel Nicolson Joanne Trautmann. No description available
On Being Ill by Virginia Woolf Hermione Lee. No description available
The Years by Virginia Woolf. No description available
The Letters of Virginia Woolf Volume Four 1929 1931 by Virginia Woolf Nigel Nicolson Joanne Trautmann. No description available
Three Guineas by Virginia Woolf Mark Hussey Jane Marcus. No description available
The Little Red Lighthouse and the Great Gray Bridge by Hildegarde Hoyt Swift Lynd Ward. No description available
"The Eagle The Lighthouse Family 3 by Cynthia Rylant Preston McDaniels. Two mice that live in a lighthouse along with a dog, a cat, and another mouse, lose their compass while exploring the forest, and learn to use their instincts before being rescued by an eagle."
The Storm The Lighthouse Family 1 by Cynthia Rylant Preston McDaniels. No description available
The Art of Maurice Sendak by Selma G. Lanes. No description available
The Poet the Warrior the Prophet by Rubem A. Alves. No description available
"The Warrior Prophet The Prince of Nothing 2 by R. Scott Bakker. The original, enthusiastically acclaimed Prince of Nothing fantasy series continues with a griping novel of Holy War and court intrigue."
"The Belgariad Vol. 1 Pawn of Prophecy Queen of Sorcery Magician's Gambit The Belgariad 1 3 by David Eddings. Bestselling authors David and Leigh Eddings welcome readers back to the time before The Belgariad and The Malloreon series. Join them as they chronicle that fateful conflict between two mortally opposed Destinies, in a monumental war of men and kings and Gods. When the world was young and Gods still walked among their mortal children, a headstrong orphan boy set out to explore the world. Thus began the extraordinary adventures that would mold that youthful vagabond into a man, and the man into the finely honed instrument of Prophecy known to all the world as Belgarath the Sorcerer. Then came the dark day when the Dark God Torak split the world asunder, and the God Aldur and his disciples began their monumental labor to set Destiny aright. Foremost among their number was Belgarath. His ceaseless devotion was foredoomed to cost him that which he held most dear even as his loyal service would extend through echoing centuries of loss, of struggle, and of ultimate triumph."
"The Belgariad Vol. Two Castle of Wizardry Enchanters' End Game The Belgariad 4 5 by David Eddings. Here is the epic conclusion of David Eddings s enthralling series The Malloreon two magnificent novels in one volume. This monumental fantasy follows the story of two age old opposing destinies locked in a seven thousand year war for control of the world, its gods, and its men. Troubles mount as King Garion, Belgarath, and Polgara pursue Zandramas, the Child of Dark, across the known world. The wicked creature has abducted the King s infant son for sinister purposes. If Garion and his companions cannot reach the Place Which Is No More, as the Seeress of Kell has warned, then Zandramas will use Garion s son in a rite that will raise the Dark Prophecy to eternal dominion over the universe. Only the Seeress of Kell can reveal the mysterious locale, but first Garion and Polgara must fulfill an ancient prophecy in the mountain fastness of the Seers. Although Kell is closed to Zandramas, her dark magic can forcefully extract the intelligence she needs from one of Garion s party. Setting traps and dispatching her foul minions, she is determined to claim the world for the Dark Prophecy. But Garion will let nothing stand between himself and his son. . . ."
"The Younger Gods The Dreamers 4 by David Eddings Leigh Eddings. In the thrilling conclusion to The Dreamers, the Vlagh prepares for one merciless attack that will pit her forces against the might of both the Elder Gods and the Younger Gods. All may be for naught, however, if the allies fail to respond to the fact that one within their ranks is losing her mind. The end of twenty five eons has arrived now the four Elder Gods will be replaced by the Younger Gods. During this transition, the greatest danger comes not from the Vlagh, who breeds her largest and deadliest insectoid army for a final war on Dhrall, but from Aracia, an Elder God. Aracia has grown addicted to the worship of mortals and believes a young deity wants to usurp her glory. Eager to stay in power forever, the Elder God plans the unthinkable to murder one of the Younger Gods. But in her madness, Aracia forgets that the Elder Gods are forbidden to take life as a principle of existence. If she kills the child deity, it will cause the absolute unmaking of all creation..."
"The Malloreon Vol. 1 Guardians of the West King of the Murgos Demon Lord of Karanda The Malloreon 1 3 by David Eddings. An omnibus edition containing the first three novels in the best selling fantasy series, The Malloreon, follows the adventures and exploits of Garion and his companions in Guardians of the West, King of the Murgos, and Demon Lord of Karanda. Original. 20,000 first printing."
"The Malloreon Vol. 2 Sorceress of Darshiva The Seeress of Kell The Malloreon 4 5 by David Eddings. Here is the epic conclusion of David Eddings s enthralling series The Malloreon two magnificent novels in one volume. This monumental fantasy follows the story of two age old opposing destinies locked in a seven thousand year war for control of the world, its gods, and its men. Troubles mount as King Garion, Belgarath, and Polgara pursue Zandramas, the Child of Dark, across the known world. The wicked creature has abducted the King s infant son for sinister purposes. If Garion and his companions cannot reach the Place Which Is No More, as the Seeress of Kell has warned, then Zandramas will use Garion s son in a rite that will raise the Dark Prophecy to eternal dominion over the universe. Only the Seeress of Kell can reveal the mysterious locale, but first Garion and Polgara must fulfill an ancient prophecy in the mountain fastness of the Seers. Although Kell is closed to Zandramas, her dark magic can forcefully extract the intelligence she needs from one of Garion s party. Setting traps and dispatching her foul minions, she is determined to claim the world for the Dark Prophecy. But Garion will let nothing stand between himself and his son. . . ."
Polgara the Sorceress by David Eddings Leigh Eddings. No description available
Mistress of Magic The Mists of Avalon 1 by Marion Zimmer Bradley Davina Porter. No description available
"The Forest House Avalon 2 by Marion Zimmer Bradley Diana L. Paxson. The New York Times bestselling science fiction and fantasy author of the Avalon series introduces the prequel to the beloved and enduring classic The Mists of Avalon in this mesmerizing epic of one woman s legendary role at a turning point in history. In a Britain struggling to survive Roman invasion, Eilan is the daughter of a Druidic warleader, gifted with visions and marked by fate to become a priestess of the Forest House. But fate also led Eilan to Gaius, a soldier of mixed blood, son of the Romans sent to subdue the native British. For Gaius, Eilan felt forbidden love, and her terrible secret will haunt her even as she is anointed as the new High Priestess. With mighty enemies poised to destroy the magic the Forest House shelters, Eilan must trust in the power of the great Goddess to lead her through the treacherous labyrinth of her destiny."
"Book of Nightmares Diadem Worlds of Magic 6 by John Peel. When the evil wizard Destiny kidnaps Pixel, Score and Helaine must rescue him from the planet Zarathan, where nightmares come true and those who fall asleep die."
"The Nightmare Room The Nightmare Begins! The Nightmare Room 1 3 by R.L. Stine. In the first book of a brand new series by horror master R.L. Stine, Danielle Warner and her family have just moved into a new house. Since Danielle's little brother Peter can be quite a pest, she sometimes wishes he had never been born. The house can make Danielle's wish come true."
The Parallax View by Slavoj i ek. No description available
"Looking Awry An Introduction to Jacques Lacan through Popular Culture by Slavoj i ek. Slavoj i ek, a leading intellectual in the new social movements that are sweeping Eastern Europe, provides a virtuoso reading of Jacques Lacan. i ek inverts current pedagogical strategies to explain the difficult philosophical underpinnings of the French theoretician and practician who revolutionized our view of psychoanalysis. He approaches Lacan through the motifs and works of contemporary popular culture, from Hitchcock's Vertigo to Stephen King's Pet Sematary, from McCullough's An Indecent Obsession to Romero's Return of the Living Dead a strategy of looking awry that recalls the exhilarating and vital experience of Lacan. i ek discovers fundamental Lacanian categories the triad Imaginary Symbolic Real, the object small a, the opposition of drive and desire, the split subject at work in horror fiction, in detective thrillers, in romances, in the mass media's perception of ecological crisis, and, above all, in Alfred Hitchcock's films. The playfulness of i ek's text, however, is entirely different from that associated with the deconstructive approach made famous by Derrida. By clarifying what Lacan is saying as well as what he is not saying, i ek is uniquely able to distinguish Lacan from the poststructuralists who so often claim him."
The Puppet and the Dwarf The Perverse Core of Christianity by Slavoj i ek. No description available
Zizek A Critical Introduction by Sarah Kay. No description available
Conversations with i ek by Slavoj i ek Glyn Daly. No description available
Marcovaldo by Italo Calvino William Weaver. No description available
The Uses of Literature by Italo Calvino Patrick Creagh. No description available
Please Stop Laughing at Me... One Woman's Inspirational Story by Jodee Blanco. No description available
In the Beginning...Was the Command Line by Neal Stephenson. No description available
The Extraordinary Cases of Sherlock Holmes by Arthur Conan Doyle. No description available
Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister by Gregory Maguire. No description available
Jane Austen For Dummies by Joan Elizabeth Klingel Ray. No description available
The Rediscovery of Man by Cordwainer Smith. No description available
Homicide A Year on the Killing Streets by David Simon. No description available
The Corner A Year in the Life of an Inner City Neighborhood by David Simon Edward Burns. No description available
El Libertador Writings of Sim n Bol var by Sim n Bol var Frederick H. Fornoff David Bushnell. No description available
Hands Collected The Books of Simon Perchik by Simon Perchik David Baratier. No description available
"Morgoth's Ring The History of Middle Earth 10 by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien. Fourth in a series of hardcover box sets celebrating the literary achievement of Christopher Tolkien, featuring double sided dust jackets one side featuring artwork by John Howe, and the original graphic treatment on the other. Set 4 contains Morgoth's Ring, The War of the Jewels, The Peoples of Middle earth Books 10 12 of The History of Middle earth and The History of Middle earth Index. Morgoth's Ring is the first of two companion volumes documenting the later writing of The Silmarillion. The text of the Annals of Aman, the Blessed Land in the far West, is given in full while further writings reveal the nature of the problems that Tolkien explored in his later years, as new and radical ideas, portending upheaval in the old narratives, emerged at the heart of the mythology. The War of the Jewels continues the account of the later history of The Silmarillion, as the story returns to Middle earth, and the ruinous conflict of the High Elves and the Men who were their allies with the power of the Dark Lord. The Peoples of Middle earth is this capstone to Tolkien's history of Middle earth, presenting a chronology of the later Ages, the Hobbit genealogies, and the Western language or Common Speech. Here too are valuable writings from Tolkien's last years The New Shadow, in Gondor of the Fourth Age, and Tal elmar, the tale of the coming of the Numenorean ships. The History of Middle earth Index presents the comprehensive indices of all twelve History of Middle earth volumes in a single, easily referenced edition, serving as an essential complement to this extraordinary work. Published together for the first time, these four books collect a fascinating period of Christopher Tolkien's forty year career devoted to presenting his father J.R.R. Tolkien's writings on Middle earth, a unique accomplishment that celebrates the greatest invented world in all of fantasy literature."
The War of the Jewels The History of Middle Earth 11 by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien. No description available
The Silmarillion by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien. No description available
The Sillymarillion An Unauthorized Parody of J.R.R. Tolkien's Classic the Silmarillion by Donald Lloyd. No description available
Hayao Miyazaki Master of Japanese Animation by Helen McCarthy. No description available
Cliffs Notes on Frank's The Diary of Anne Frank by Dorothea Shefer Vanson CliffsNotes Anne Frank. No description available
The Honourable Schoolboy by John le Carr. No description available
Valparaiso by Don DeLillo. No description available
No More Water in the Tub! by Tedd Arnold Mark Buehner. No description available
Big Red Tub by Julia Jarman Adrian Reynolds. No description available
Tabby in the Tub Animal Ark 29 by Ben M. Baglio Linda Chapman Jenny Gregory. No description available
"June Bug Murder by Month Mystery 2 by Jess Lourey J.H. Lourey Jessica Lourey. A summertime treasure hunt in rural Minnesota leads to murder in this delightful gem of a rom com mystery by Edgar Award nominated author Jess Lourey. Summer in Battle Lake kicks off with fireworks and festivities, but it's a local treasure hunt that's amping up the tourist trade. It certainly piques the interest of part time reporter Mira James both as fodder for a column and because she could use the five grand in prize money. The treasure? A faux diamond hidden at the bottom of Whiskey Lake. When Mira takes a deep dive in search of it, rather than finding the planted jewel, she uncovers a legendary puzzle reaching back nearly seventy years. But fishing for answers puts her face to face with a suspicious new arrival a creeper from her past up to his old menacing ways. When murder turns a hot June night into a scorcher, Mira realizes there are more mysteries hidden in this town than fake gems, and to solve them, she has to stay alive. Revised edition This edition of June Bug includes editorial revisions."
Wickett's Remedy by Myla Goldberg. No description available
I Am the Messenger by Markus Zusak Emmanuel Pailler. No description available
Getting the Girl Wolfe Brothers 3 by Markus Zusak. No description available
The Book Thief by Markus Zusak Cao Xu n Vi t Kh ng. No description available
"Fighting Ruben Wolfe Wolfe Brothers 2 by Markus Zusak Stig Wemyss. The Wolfe family has fallen on hard times. Dad has been out of work for months, Mum works a night shift, Sarah gets drunk and Steve wants to leave his lunatic family. Cameron and Rube turn to illegal boxing for the money they need and the self respect they want. Nothing will ever be the same."
"Underdog Wolfe Brothers 1 by Markus Zusak. The Wolfe family has fallen on hard times. Dad has been out of work for months, Mum works a night shift, Sarah gets drunk and Steve wants to leave his lunatic family. Cameron and Rube turn to illegal boxing for the money they need and the self respect they want. Nothing will ever be the same."
Nicomachean Ethics by Aristotle Martin Ostwald. No description available
The Nicomachean Ethics by Aristotle James Alexander Kerr Thomson Jonathan Barnes Hugh Tredennick. No description available
Nicomachean Ethics by Aristotle Hippocrates George Apostle. No description available
Madame Bovary by Gustave Flaubert Geoffrey Wall Mich le Roberts. No description available
Madame Bovary Critical Editions by Gustave Flaubert Margaret Cohen Eleanor Marx. No description available
Madame Bovary by Gustave Flaubert Donada Peters. No description available
The Complete Works The Revised Oxford Translation Vol. 1 by Aristotle Jonathan Barnes. No description available
Politics by Aristotle. No description available
Aristotle's Ethics SparkNotes Literature Guides by SparkNotes. No description available
The Politics and The Constitution of Athens by Aristotle Stephen Everson. No description available
Middlemarch by George Eliot Megan McDaniel Lynne Sharon Schwartz Lynn Sharon Schwartz. No description available
Middlemarch by George Eliot Harriet Walter. No description available
Silas Marner by George Eliot. No description available
1984 by George Orwell Mauricio Molina Miguel Mart nez Sarmiento. No description available
The Complete Tales of Nikolai Gogol Volume 1 by Nikolai Gogol Constance Garnett Leonard J. Kent. No description available
The Overcoat and Other Short Stories by Nikolai Gogol. No description available
The Nose by Nikolai Gogol Kevin Hawkes. No description available
Dead Souls by Nikolai Gogol Richard Pevear Larissa Volokhonsky. No description available
Fathers and Sons by Ivan Turgenev George Reavy Jane Costlow. No description available
"Father to Son The Destroyer 129 by Warren Murphy Richard Sapir James Mullaney. There s some nasty sibling rivalry in the family assassination business . . . For Remo, Sinanju s Holiest tradition is cash up front But as his long road to the rank of Reigning Master of the venerable house of assassins nears its end, the Time of Succession ritual begins. For the enforcement arm of CURE, this means making his way around the globe, killing the best assassins money can buy and proving to kings and presidents alike that Sinanju is the primo strategic weapon around. For a reasonable fee, of course. But there is a storm cloud on the horizon of Chiun s retirement and Remo s promotion a dark nemesis has been reborn from the fires of evil and has unleashed his plot for vengeance. He starts by looting Chiun s treasure filled basement in Sinanju. But he won t stop until he has fulfilled a prophecy of doom that even Chiun may not be able to thwart the death of the Destroyer. Breathlessly action packed and boasting a winning combination of thrills, humour and mysticism, the Destroyer is one of the bestselling series of all time."
"Children of the Star Children of the Star 1 3 by Sylvia Engdahl. Star children are children who have been sent here from all areas of the universe to help the earth and the people on it. They possess psychic, spiritual, and other extra sensory abilities. These children will bring peace, topple corrupt systems, and shift dimensional consciousness in the years to come. They have come here on special assignment to assist in this rebirth into a higher dimensional Earth. Since the beginning of time, parents have wished their kids came with an owner's manual. Big changes are coming as this is a new world, a new energy grid, and the children of the stars, or Star children as we call them, have finally arrived to help save the earth with no owner's manual. This book is a guide to help parents understand their Star children and to help each parent spiritually understand what is happening with these gifted youngsters who are here to help us. Yes, your children can be your spiritual advisors and they are here to help us. They will try to teach us many lessons. Most we won't understand, some we won't even know are lessons. With the help of this guide, a few of us may catch on. Valuable for educators to become aware that they are dealing with an entirely new generation of children who do not think or behave like those who have gone before them. This book is also intended to help our younger or older Star children understand and not be afraid of what they are seeing or hearing that many others cannot see or hear. Topics Indigo to Crystal to Rainbow Transitions Environmental Stress and Your Star Child The Importance of healthy Food The Nine Dimensions of Consciousness A Global Crisis Help Is On the Way."
From Far Away by Robert Munsch Michael Martchenko Saoussan Askar. No description available
From Far Away Vol. 01 by Kyoko Hikawa Trina Robbins Yuko Sawada Walden Wong. No description available
Silos Politics and Turf Wars A Leadership Fable about Destroying the Barriers That Turn Colleagues Into Competitors by Patrick Lencioni. No description available
Moral Politics How Liberals and Conservatives Think by George Lakoff. No description available
El misterio de Salem's Lot by Stephen King Marta I. Guastavino. No description available
Prodigal Blues by Gary A. Braunbeck Deena Warner. No description available
The Divine Comedy Vol. I Inferno by Dante Alighieri Mark Musa. No description available
The Divine Comedy I Hell by Dante Alighieri Dorothy L. Sayers. No description available
The Divine Comedy Vol. 1 Inferno by Dante Alighieri Mark Musa. No description available
Could Do Better Why Children Underachieve and What to Do About It by Harvey P. Mandel Sander I. Marcus Loral Dean. No description available
Inferno by Dante Alighieri Allen Mandelbaum Barry Moser Gabriel Marruzzo Laury Magnus. No description available
Purgatorio La Divina Commedia 2 by Dante Alighieri Robert M. Durling. No description available
Dante Alighieri's Divine Comedy the Inferno by Dante Alighieri. No description available
The Portable Dante by Dante Alighieri Mark Musa. No description available
"Purgatorio The Divine Comedy 2 by Dante Alighieri Allen Mandelbaum Laury Magnus Anthony Oldcorn Daniel Feldman Barry Moser. Purgatorio is the second part of Italian poet Dante Alighieri's epic poem Divine Comedy and describes Dante's climb up the Mount of Purgatory. Dante visits the seven terraces of Purgatory, where sinners are cleansing themselves in preparation for entering Paradise."
The Divine Comedy Vol. 3 Paradise by Dante Alighieri Mark Musa. No description available
The Divine Comedy Vol. 2 Purgatory by Dante Alighieri Mark Musa. No description available
Vita Nuova by Dante Alighieri Mark Musa. No description available
The Rime of the Ancient Mariner and Other Poems by Samuel Taylor Coleridge Stanley Appelbaum. No description available
Beowulf by Unknown Burton Raffel. No description available
Beowulf A Dual Language Edition by Unknown Howell D. Chickering. No description available
Beowulf A New Telling by Robert Nye. No description available
Beowulf by Michael Morpurgo Michael Foreman. No description available
Seamus Heaney by Helen Vendler. No description available
The Spirit Level Poems by Seamus Heaney. No description available
New Selected Poems 1966 1987 by Seamus Heaney. No description available
Finders Keepers Selected Prose 1971 2001 by Seamus Heaney. No description available
Canopy A Work for Voice and Light in Harvard Yard by David Ward Parveen Adams Seamus Heaney Ivan Gaskell. No description available
Electric Light by Seamus Heaney. No description available
Norden by Seamus Heaney. No description available
Norte by Seamus Heaney Margarita Ardanaz. No description available
The Odyssey by Homer Robert Fitzgerald Seamus Heaney. No description available
Paradise Lost by John Milton Scott Elledge. No description available
Tolkien The Illustrated Encyclopaedia by David Day. No description available
Ten Days to Self Esteem by David D. Burns. No description available
"The Swords of Night and Day The Drenai Saga 11 by David Gemmell. With mythic sweep and epic scope, David Gemmell's bestselling novels of magic and adventure feature brooding heroes who fight to preserve all that is good and honorable in themselves and in the worlds through which they stride like lonely giants. In times of terror and despair, theirs are the swords that carve a shining path, inspiring others to follow. Even after their deaths, their names live on. . . . A thousand years after they fell in battle, two heroes Druss and Skilgannon are revered throughout the war torn lands of the Drenai. Yet men and women live in abject fear of the Joinings, abominable meldings of man and beast, and of their mistress, the dark sorceress known as the Eternal. None can stave off these ruthless foes. But what if the soul of one such hero could be called back from the void, his bones housed again in flesh? An ancient prophecy foretold that Skilgannon would return in his people's darkest hour. To most, this is a foolish hope. But not so to Landis Kan. For years, as the power of the Eternal grew, Kan searched for the tomb of Skilgannon the Damned. And at last, he found it, gathering up the bones and performing the mystic ritual. But the reborn hero is an enigma a young man whose warrior skills are blunted and whose memories are fragmented. This Skilgannon is a man out of time, marooned in a world as strange to him as a dream, remote from all he knew and loved. Or nearly all. Before bringing Skilgannon back, Landis Kan experimented upon other bone fragments found in the hero's tomb. That ritual resulted in a surly giant who possessed astounding strength, but no memories. To Kan, he was a dangerous failure. But to Skilgannon, this giantrepresented their last hope. For as the ageless evil of the Eternal threatens to drown the Drenai lands in blood, two legendary heroes will once again lead the way to freedom."
Pippi Longstocking by Astrid Lindgren Florence Lamborn Louis S. Glanzman. No description available
Pippi in the South Seas by Astrid Lindgren Gerry Bothmer. No description available
Pippi Goes on Board by Astrid Lindgren Florence Lamborn Nancy Seligsohn. No description available
The Children of Noisy Village by Astrid Lindgren Ilon Wikland Florence Lamborn. No description available
The Brothers Lionheart by Astrid Lindgren Ilon Wikland Jill M. Morgan. No description available
Christmas in Noisy Village by Astrid Lindgren Ilon Wikland Florence Lamborn. No description available
Ronia the Robber's Daughter by Astrid Lindgren Patricia Crampton. No description available
Happy Times in Noisy Village by Astrid Lindgren Ilon Wikland Florence Lamborn. No description available
Pippi Calzaslargas Pippi Calzaslargas 1 by Astrid Lindgren Blanca R os Richard Kennedy. No description available
The Tomten by Astrid Lindgren Harald Wiberg. No description available
Lotta on Troublemaker Street by Astrid Lindgren Robin Preiss Glasser. No description available
The Tale of Peter Rabbit by Beatrix Potter. No description available
The Tale of Peter Rabbit A Pop up Adventure by Beatrix Potter. No description available
Tale of Peter Rabbit by Beatrix Potter. No description available
Beatrix Potter's Journal by Beatrix Potter. No description available
The World of Peter Rabbit Original Peter Rabbit Books 1 23 by Beatrix Potter. No description available
Beatrix Potter A Life in Nature by Linda Lear. No description available
The Tale of the Flopsy Bunnies by Beatrix Potter. No description available
Treasure Island by Chris Tait Robert Louis Stevenson Lucy Corvino Arthur Pober. No description available
The Epic of Gilgamesh by Anonymous N.K. Sandars. No description available
The Epic of Gilgamesh by Anonymous Maureen Kovacs. No description available
The Evolution of the Gilgamesh Epic by Jeffrey H. Tigay. No description available
The Gilgamesh Epic and Old Testament Parallels by Alexander Heidel. No description available
The Scarlet Letter and Other Writings by Nathaniel Hawthorne Eugene Hudson Long Seymour L. Gross Richard C. Beatty Sculley Bradley Richmond Croom Beatty. No description available
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain Scott McKowen Arthur Pober. No description available
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain Peter Coveney. No description available
Mark Twain's Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain Richard P. Wasowski. No description available
Collected Tales Sketches Speeches Essays 1852 1890 by Mark Twain Louis J. Budd. No description available
Mark Twain's Own Autobiography The Chapters from the North American Review by Mark Twain Michael J. Kiskis. No description available
Candide by Voltaire Robert M. Adams. No description available
Candide and Other Stories World's Classics by Voltaire Roger Pearson. No description available
Cliffs Notes on Voltaire's Candide by James K. Lowers CliffsNotes Voltaire. No description available
Candide or Optimism by Voltaire Peter Constantine Diane Johnson. No description available
Candide and Related Writings by Voltaire David Wootton. No description available
Philosophical Dictionary by Voltaire Theodore Besterman. No description available
What Is Goth? by Aurelio Voltaire. No description available
The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde Andrew Elfenbein. No description available
The Real Trial of Oscar Wilde by Merlin Holland. No description available
Complete Shorter Fiction by Oscar Wilde Isobel Murray. No description available
The Unmasking of Oscar Wilde by Joseph Pearce. No description available
The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire by Edward Gibbon Daniel J. Boorstin Giovanni Battista Piranesi Hans Friedrich Mueller. No description available
The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire by Edward Gibbon Daniel J. Boorstin Hans Friedrich Mueller Giovanni Battista Piranesi. No description available
The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire by Edward Gibbon Hugh Trevor Roper. No description available
The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire by Edward Gibbon. No description available
The Christians and the Fall of Rome Great Ideas by Edward Gibbon. No description available
The Portable Gibbon The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire by Edward Gibbon Dero A. Saunders Charles Alexander Robinson Jr.. No description available
They Cage the Animals at Night by Jennings Michael Burch. No description available
The Quilter's Homecoming Elm Creek Quilts 10 by Jennifer Chiaverini. No description available
Absolutely Normal Chaos by Sharon Creech. No description available
The Abominable Snowman Doesn't Roast Marshmallows The Adventures of the Bailey School Kids 50 by Debbie Dadey Marcia Thornton Jones. The Bailey School kids investigate to see if a frosty stranger who visits their town's winter festival is really the Abominable Snowman.
"Santa Claus Doesn't Mop Floors The Adventures of the Bailey School Kids 3 by Debbie Dadey Marcia Thornton Jones John Steven Gurney. The hugely popular early chapter book series re emerges now in e book! The kids in the third grade at Bailey Elementary are so hard to handle that all of their teachers have quit. But their new teacher, Mrs. Jeepers, is different to say the least. She's just moved from the Transylvanian Alps and she seems to have some strange powers that help her deal with these mischief makers. Her methods may be a little unconventional, but, then again, Mrs. Jeepers may be just what the Bailey School kids need."
Angels Don't Know Karate The Adventures Of The Bailey School Kids 23 by Debbie Dadey Marcia Thornton Jones John Steven Gurney. No description available
Werewolves Don't Run for President The Adventures of the Bailey School Kids 49 by Debbie Dadey Marcia Thornton Jones John Steven Gurney. There are some pretty weird grown ups living in Bailey City. But could the presidential candidate visiting town really be . . . a werewolf? The Bailey School kids are going to find out!
"Vampires Don't Wear Polka Dots The Adventures of the Bailey School Kids 1 by Debbie Dadey Marcia Thornton Jones John Steven Gurney. The hugely popular early chapter book series re emerges now in e book! The kids in the third grade at Bailey Elementary are so hard to handle that all of their teachers have quit. But their new teacher, Mrs. Jeepers, is different to say the least. She's just moved from the Transylvanian Alps and she seems to have some strange powers that help her deal with these mischief makers. Her methods may be a little unconventional, but, then again, Mrs. Jeepers may be just what the Bailey School kids need."
"Werewolves Don't Go to Summer Camp The Adventures of the Bailey School Kids 2 by Debbie Dadey Marcia Thornton Jones John Steven Gurney. The hugely popular early chapter book series re emerges now in e book! The new director at Camp Lone Wolf seems like a nice guy. But when the kids learn the legend of a local boy who disappeared and the wolf that prowls the campgrounds howling in the night, they start to wonder if Camp Lone Wolf is more than just a name. Mr. Jenkins is covered in hair, eats his meat almost raw, and has an obsession with wolves. But could he really be a werewolf?"
Phantoms Don't Drive Sports Cars The Adventures of the Bailey School Kids 32 by Debbie Dadey Marcia Thornton Jones John Steven Gurney. No description available
"My Perfect Life Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen 2 by Dyan Sheldon. Ella has no interest in running for class president at her suburban New Jersy high school, but her offbeat friend Lola tricks her into challenging the rich and overbearing Carla Santini in a less than friendly race."
Be Happy or I'll Scream! My Deranged Quest for the Perfect Husband Family and Life by Sheri Lynch. No description available
A Guide to the Words of My Perfect Teacher by Ngawang Pelzang Padmakara Translation Group Patrul Rinpoche Alak Zenkar. No description available
"All American Girl All American Girl 1 by Meg Cabot. Sam Madison never knew life could change overnight. But that's exactly what happens when she saves the life of the President of the United States as she's bunking off art class one night. Now an instant if highly reluctant and very unlikely celebrity, not to mention teen ambassador to the United Nations, Sam finds herself not only hanging out at the White House, but trying to stop herself falling for David, the President's son ..."
"Ready or Not All American Girl 2 by Meg Cabot. A sophomore girl stops a presidential assassination attempt, is appointed Teen Ambassador to the United Nations, and catches the eye of the very cute First Son."
"The Perfect Score It's All About Attitude 5 by Julie Kenner. The Perfect Score Project is an indispensable guide to acing the SAT as well as the affecting story of a single mom s quest to light a fire under her teenage son. It all began as an attempt by Debbie Stier to help her high school age son, Ethan, who would shortly be studying for the SAT. Aware that Ethan was a typical teenager i.e., completely uninterested in any test and that a mind boggling menu of test prep options existed, she decided on his behalf to sample as many as she could to create the perfect SAT test prep recipe. Debbie s quest turned out to be an exercise in both hilarity and heartbreak as she took the SAT seven times in one year and in between went to school on standardized testing. Here, she reveals why the SAT has become so important, the cottage industries it has spawned, what really works in preparing for the test and what is a waste of time. Both a toolbox of fresh tips and an amusing snapshot of parental love and wisdom colliding with teenage apathy, The Perfect Score Project rivets. In the book Debbie does it all wrestles with Kaplan and Princeton Review, enrolls in Kumon, navigates khanacademy.org, meets regularly with a premier grammar coach, takes a battery of intelligence tests, and even cadges free lessons from the world s most prestigious and expensive test prep company. Along the way she answers the questions that plague every test prep rookie, including When do I start? ... Do the brand name test prep services really deliver? ... Which should I go with a tutor, an SAT class, or self study? ... Does test location really matter? How do I find the right tutor? How do SAT scores affect merit aid? ... and What s the one thing I need to know? The Perfect Score Project s combination of charm, authority, and unexpected poignancy makes it one of the most compulsively readable guides to SAT test prep ever and a book that will make you think hard about what really matters."
"The Face on the Milk Carton Janie Johnson 1 by Caroline B. Cooney. No one ever really paid close attention to the faces of the missing children on the milk cartons. But as Janie Johnson glanced at the face of the ordinary little girl with her hair in tight pigtails, wearing a dress with a narrow white collar a three year old who had been kidnapped twelve years before from a shopping mall in New Jersey she felt overcome with shock. She recognized that little girl it was she. How could it possibly be true? Janie can't believe that her loving parents kidnapped her, but as she begins to piece things together, nothing makes sense. Something is terribly wrong. Are Mr. and Mrs. Johnson really Janie's parents? And if not, who is Janie Johnson, and what really happened?"
Teen Angst? Naaah... by Ned Vizzini. No description available
It's Kind of a Funny Story by Ned Vizzini. No description available
Be More Chill by Ned Vizzini. No description available
Collected Prose Autobiographical Writings True Stories Critical Essays Prefaces and Collaborations with Artists by Paul Auster. No description available
Hand to Mouth A Chronicle of Early Failure by Paul Auster. No description available
The Book of Illusions by Paul Auster. No description available
City of Glass The Graphic Novel by Paul Karasik David Mazzucchelli Paul Auster Art Spiegelman. No description available
Moonraker by Ian Fleming. No description available
Eat Pray Love by Elizabeth Gilbert. No description available
Eat Pray Love One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy India and Indonesia by Elizabeth Gilbert. No description available
The World as Will and Representation Vol. 1 by Arthur Schopenhauer Judith Norman E.F.J. Payne Alistair Welchman Christropher Janaway. No description available
The Schopenhauer Cure by Irvin D. Yalom. No description available
Essays and Aphorisms by Arthur Schopenhauer R.J. Hollingdale. No description available
Essay on the Freedom of the Will by Arthur Schopenhauer Konstantin Kolenda. No description available
Schopenhauer A Very Short Introduction by Christopher Janaway. No description available
The Mandarins by Simone de Beauvoir Leonard M. Friedman. No description available
Les Mandarins Tome 2 by Simone de Beauvoir. No description available
Die Mandarins von Paris by Simone de Beauvoir. No description available
The Brothers K by David James Duncan. No description available
Where the Wild Things Are by Maurice Sendak. No description available
36 by Maurice Sendak. No description available
Essentials of Classic Italian Cooking by Marcella Hazan Karin Kretschmann. No description available
The Italians A Full Length Portrait Featuring Their Manners and Morals by Luigi Barzini Joan Emerson. No description available
Peking to Paris by Luigi Barzini L.P. De Castelvecchio. No description available
The Lost Lunar Baedeker Poems of Mina Loy by Mina Loy Roger L. Conover. No description available
Paris Was Yesterday 1925 1939 by Janet Flanner Irving Drutman. No description available
Lost Boy Lost Girl by Peter Straub. No description available
Shadowland by Peter Straub. No description available
Ghost Story by Peter Straub. No description available
"Territoires Le talisman des territoires 2 by Stephen King Peter Straub Bernard Cohen. Les Territoires sont peupl s de chim res, de bonnes f es et de d mons. Nul n'y entre, pas m me un enfant, sans risquer de perdre sa vie et son me... Une, plage d serte, quelque part sur la c te Est des Etats Unis. Jack Sawyer, douze ans, scrute l'horizon, tourment ... Sa m re se meurt d'un mal inconnu, et jack d sesp re de pouvoir l'aider. Le vieux Speedy Parker, joueur de blues devenu gardien de parc d'attractions, lui r v le l'existence d'un autre monde, qu'il appelle les Territoires, endroit f erique mais terriblement dangereux, o le ciel est transparent et profond, et les senteurs plus fortes. C'est l que se trouve le Talisman, seul rem de qui puisse sauver sa m re. A l'issue de semaines d' preuves au c ur de l'enfer et du d sespoir, Jack saura t il r sister la force extraordinaire qui s'emparera alors de lui et vaincre ses propres d mons ?"
Floating Dragon by Peter Straub. No description available
The Color of Water A Black Man's Tribute to His White Mother by James McBride. No description available
Color A Natural History of the Palette by Victoria Finlay. No description available
Vincent's Colors by Vincent van Gogh Metropolitan Museum of Art William Lach. No description available
"Flinx's Folly Pip Flinx 9 by Alan Dean Foster. Bestselling author Alan Dean Foster delivers a Pip and Flinx novel featuring a certain twenty four year old with red hair, growing powers, and a loyal sidekick who just happens to be a flying mini dragon. Flinx s Folly follows Flinx on a thrilling quest to unravel the mysteries of his mind and body. It is a quest that forces him to confront a horror almost beyond human comprehension concealed somewhere in the universe . . . and coming closer. It s a good thing Flinx is no stranger to trouble, because he s swimming in it. Even before the latest murderous attack by a new gang of assailants, there seems no end to people determined to arrest, examine, or kill him. To add insult to all that injury, Flinx has been spirited away and enlisted in a battle against a monstrous extra galactic threat. Hidden behind the Great Emptiness, in a place where it seems matter and energy have never been, there is only evil. Pure evil that is approaching him, accelerating. Against such a quintessence of colossal evil what can one puny human and a formidable mini drag protector do? Flinx must tell someone or go out of his already addled mind. Choosing a confidant is easy Clarity Held, a crush he hasn t seen in six years. She is a young woman who has clearly gone on with her life in ways that he soon learns don t necessarily include Flinx. Whatever happens, Flinx makes up his mind to act quickly. His decision is the beginning of a terrifying, high stakes adventure through perilous new realms that will rocket him into the very heart of danger and into the arms of the only woman he s ever loved. As he and Pip bravely travel to a place where no man or mini drag has gone before, Flinx discovers he has a few more friends than he thought and far more enemies than he ever imagined."
The Doctor's House by Ann Beattie. No description available
Chilly Scenes of Winter by Ann Beattie. No description available
What Life Was Like in the Realm of Elizabeth England AD 1533 1603 What Life Was Like by Time Life Books. No description available
What Life Was Like In the Age of Chivalry Medieval Europe AD 800 1500 What Life Was Like by Denise Dersin. No description available
What Life Was Like on the Banks of the Nile Egypt 3050 30 BC by Denise Dersin. No description available
What Life Was Like at the Rebirth of Genius Renaissance Italy AD 1400 1550 What Life Was Like by Richard Stapleford Time Life Books. No description available
What Life Was Like Among Druids and High Kings Celtic Ireland AD 400 1200 What Life Was Like by Robin Chapman Stacey. No description available
What Life Was Like Amid Splendor and Intrigue Byzantine Empire AD 330 1453 by Ellen Anker Denise Dersin. No description available
What Life Was Like in the Time of War and Peace Imperial Russia AD 1696 1917 What Life Was Like by Time Life Books. No description available
What Life Was Like in the Jewel in the Crown British India AD 1600 1905 by Time Life Books. No description available
Birds of America by Lorrie Moore. No description available
Self Help by Lorrie Moore. No description available
Who Will Run the Frog Hospital? by Lorrie Moore. No description available
Family Matters by Rohinton Mistry. No description available
Tales from Firozsha Baag Jan 01 2002 Mistry Rohinton by Rohinton Mistry. No description available
Without Remorse John Clark 1 Jack Ryan Universe Publication Order 6 by Tom Clancy. No description available
"Clave Red Rabbit Jack Ryan 2 by Tom Clancy Enric Tremps. It didn't start with Red October. Cold War London, The CIA, M16. Jack Ryan The Early Days. When young Jack Ryan joins the CIA as an analyst he is thrust into a world of political intrigue and conspiracy. Stationed in England, he quickly finds himself debriefing a Soviet defector with an extraordinary story to tell senior Russian officials are plotting to assassinate Pope John Paul II. The CIA novice must forget his inexperience and rely on all his wits to firstly discover the details of the plot and then prevent its execution. For it is not just the Pope's life that is at stake, but also the stability of the Western World. Praise for Tom Clancy 'A virtuoso display of page turning talent.' Sunday Express 'Exhilarating. No other novelist is giving so full a picture of modern conflict.' Sunday Times 'A brilliantly constructed thriller that packs a punch like Semtex explosive.' Daily Mail"
Debt of Honor Jack Ryan 7 by Tom Clancy. No description available
The Archimedes Effect Tom Clancy's Net Force 10 by Steve Perry Larry Segriff Tom Clancy Steve Pieczenik. No description available
"Hidden Agendas Tom Clancy's Net Force 2 by Steve Perry Tom Clancy Steve Pieczenik. In the year 2010, computers are the new superpower. Those who control them control the world. To enforce the New Laws, Congress creates the ultimate computer security agency with the FBI the Net Force. Instructions on how to make a bomb...a list of every U.S. spy in the Euro Asian theater...Someone with access to classified information is posting it on the Internet and it's costing lives. Net Force Commander Alex Michaels is in the hot seat. Now, before a hostile Senate committee, he must justify the very existence of the Net Force. Meanwhile, a virus is unleashed that throws the federal financial systems into chaos. And the Net Force operatives must hunt the wily hacker through the twists and turns of cyberspace down a path that leads them dangerously close to home..."
Marine A Guided Tour of a Marine Expeditionary Unit Guided Tour by Tom Clancy. No description available
The Teeth of the Tiger Jack Ryan Universe 12 by Tom Clancy. No description available
"Executive Orders Jack Ryan 8 by Tom Clancy. Don't Miss the Original Series Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan Starring John Krasinski! The President is dead. Now, the weight of the world falls on Jack Ryan s shoulders in this extraordinary 1 New York Times bestseller from Tom Clancy. At the climax of Debt of Honor, the most devastating terrorist act in the history of the world left the President, the Joint Chiefs, the Supreme Court, and nearly all of Congress dead. Only Jack Ryan, confirmed Vice President mere minutes before, survived to take the reins of a shaken and leaderless country. Now he must rebuild a government, comfort a grieving nation, and become a true leader. Meanwhile, he is surrounded by enemies both inside the White House and around the world all of them plotting to destroy an untested President. And bring an already wounded country to its knees...."
"State of War Tom Clancy's Net Force 7 by Steve Perry Tom Clancy Steve Pieczenik Larry Segriff. From the 1 New York Times bestselling creators of Op Center comes a different kind of law enforcement. In the year 2010, computers are the new superpowers. Those who control them control the world. To enforce the Net Laws, Congress creates the ultimate computer security agency within the FBI Net Force . Minor viruses are eating away at the Net Force computers. The e mail shut downs and flickering monitors are hardly emergencies but they ve been keeping the tech department hopping. Same with the sudden rash of time consuming lawsuits. No one in Net Force has a moment to spare, which is exactly the way Mitchell Townsend Ames wants it. Because when the shadowy mastermind launches his master plan, he wants Net Force to be looking the other way"
Every Man a Tiger The Gulf War Air Campaign Commanders by Tom Clancy Chuck Horner. No description available
"Wild Card Tom Clancy's Power Plays 8 by Jerome Preisler Tom Clancy Martin Greenberg. The eighth page turning thriller in the 1 New York Times bestselling Power Plays series. When an anonymous E mail alerts UpLink International s operatives to suspicious activity on an exclusive island resort, Pete Nimec goes undercover to investigate. Located off the coast of Trinidad, Rayos del Sol is not just a playground for the world s richest and most powerful people it s also the headquarters for a joint fiber optic oil refinery project run by UpLink and Sedco Oil. What Nimec discovers is a plot to drain oil from the United States Strategic Petroleum Reserve and sell it to outlaw nations. And when the island s highly trained security force is sent to take Nimec out, heaven on earth erupts into hell."
Carrier A Guided Tour of an Aircraft Carrier Guided Tour by Tom Clancy Leon A. Edney. No description available
"Cloak and Dagger Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers 17 by John Helfers Russell Davis Tom Clancy Steve Pieczenik. When a game of hide and seek on the Web turns into trouble for Net Force Explorer Daniel Sanchez, he's accused of trying to access confidential Net Force files by CIA liaison Ryan Valas. Now the Explorers must find out who's really responsible. Original."
"Cybernation Tom Clancy's Net Force 6 by Steve Perry Tom Clancy Steve Pieczenik. When a group of terrorists who call themselves CyberNation, and consider themselves an independent virtual country, seize control of the net and bring down the world's computers, the Net Force springs into action."
Virtual Vandals Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers 1 by Diane Duane Tom Clancy Steve Pieczenik. Here comes a Clancy first a new series of novels for young adults starring a team of troubleshooting teens the Net Force Explorers who know more about cutting edge technology than their teachers!
"Cutting Edge Tom Clancy's Power Plays 6 by Jerome Preisler Tom Clancy Martin Greenberg. WIRED. Africa becomes the battle ground in 21st century war. As fiberoptic cable is laid down around the continent, two entities fight to control it. One is UpLink Communications, headed by Roger Gordian. The pan African fiberoptic ring is his most ambitious and expensive endeavor to date. His nemesis, Harlan Devane, is penetrating the network. Trading in black market commodities with terrorists and rogue states, the cable offers him unlimited access to a most valuable product information. To ensure his success, Devane makes his move halfway around the world. He hits Gordian where it hurts and kidnaps his daughter. Now, Gordian must trust his UpLink team as never before, as they fight on land and sea to turn the tables against Devane once and for all."
"Mission of Honor Tom Clancy's Op Center 9 by Jeff Rovin Tom Clancy Steve Pieczenik. The Ops Center team faces untold chaos on a mission in Africa in the ninth novel in the 1 New York Times bestselling series created by Tom Clancy and former Department of State official Steve Pieczenik. On the surface it seems a simple case a group of African militiamen have kidnapped a priest and ordered all Catholic missionaries to leave the nation of Botswana. But the Vatican thinks otherwise. At its urging, Op Center investigates and finds out that the real purpose of the crime is a plan by outside forces to destabilize the government and seize the nation s diamond mines. With its military team, Striker, out of commission, Op Center must reinvent itself and head straight into the crossfire of an African war."
"The Bear and the Dragon John Clark 3 by Tom Clancy. Don't Miss the Original Series Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan Starring John Krasinski! President Jack Ryan faces a world crisis unlike any he has ever known in Tom Clancy's extraordinary 1 New York Times bestseller. A high level assassination attempt in Russia has the newly elected Ryan sending his most trusted eyes and ears including antiterrorism specialist John Clark to Moscow, for he fears the worst is yet to come. And he s right. The attempt has left the already unstable Russia vulnerable to ambitious forces in China eager to fulfill their destiny and change the face of the world as we know it..."
Breaking Point Tom Clancy's Net Force 4 by Steve Perry Tom Clancy Steve Pieczenik. No description available
Airborne A Guided Tour Of An Airborne Task Force by Tom Clancy. No description available
"Red Rabbit Jack Ryan 2 by Tom Clancy. It didn't start with Red October. Cold War London, The CIA, M16. Jack Ryan The Early Days. When young Jack Ryan joins the CIA as an analyst he is thrust into a world of political intrigue and conspiracy. Stationed in England, he quickly finds himself debriefing a Soviet defector with an extraordinary story to tell senior Russian officials are plotting to assassinate Pope John Paul II. The CIA novice must forget his inexperience and rely on all his wits to firstly discover the details of the plot and then prevent its execution. For it is not just the Pope's life that is at stake, but also the stability of the Western World. Praise for Tom Clancy 'A virtuoso display of page turning talent.' Sunday Express 'Exhilarating. No other novelist is giving so full a picture of modern conflict.' Sunday Times 'A brilliantly constructed thriller that packs a punch like Semtex explosive.' Daily Mail"
John Deere Farm Tractors A History of the John Deere Tractor by Randy Leffingwell. No description available
Corvette Fifty Years by Randy Leffingwell David Newhardt. No description available
Tough to Tackle by Matt Christopher Harvey Kidder. No description available
Complete Guide to OneNote by W. Frederick Zimmerman Chris Pratley. No description available
The Goon Show Volume 4 My Knees Have Fallen Off! by NOT A BOOK. No description available
The Goon Show Moriarty Where Are You? by NOT A BOOK. No description available
The Goon Show Volume 11 He's Fallen in the Water! by NOT A BOOK. No description available
Power Die 48 Gesetze Der Macht by Robert Greene Birgit Brandau Hartmut Schickert. No description available
The Echo Maker by Richard Powers. No description available
Power vs. Force by David R. Hawkins. No description available
The Power of Art by Simon Schama. No description available
Goodbye Darkness A Memoir of the Pacific War by William Manchester. No description available
A World Lit Only by Fire The Medieval Mind and the Renaissance Portrait of an Age by William Manchester. No description available
The Last Lion 2 Winston Spencer Churchill Alone 1932 40 by William Manchester. No description available
The Glory and the Dream A Narrative History of America 1932 72 by William Manchester. No description available
The Last Lion Winston Spencer Churchill Visions of Glory 1874 1932 by William Manchester. No description available
The Last Lion Winston Spencer Churchill Visions of Glory 1874 1932 by William Manchester. No description available
"Moon Flash Kyreol 1 2 by Patricia A. McKillip. This omnibus edition combines the acclaimed Patricia A. McKillip's two science fiction novels, Moon Flash and The Moon and the Face. Kyreol's small world begins at the Face, a high rock cliff, and ends at Fourteen Falls, a series of rapids. Each year, her people celebrate Moon Flash a spark of light that seems to come from and go into the moon, a symbol of life and joy. When a mysterious stranger arrives, Kyreol wants to know more about him, as well as the Moon Flash, and soon she and her childhood friend Terje leave their home to look for answers. Those answers will pluck Kyreol from Riverworld and transform her life forever by fast forwarding her into a future she can barely comprehend."
Harrowing the Dragon by Patricia A. McKillip. No description available
"Cygnet Cygnet 1 2 by Patricia A. McKillip. Marty Fish has been alone since his wife passed away last November . Already 70 years old, Marty wants a new direction. He reads an announcement offering a half million dollar Crime Stoppers reward for Unsolved Crimes in Tasmania, Australia's oft forgotten Island State Mart enlists the aid of old mate Don Kelly, a wiry little Irishman from his drinking days. Together they investigate their first case, the Cygnet Strangler Killings and along the way other dysfunctional friends and family join the team. They manage to build a tentative relationship with local Police and experience, corrupt coppers, false evidence, car chases, mystery suspects, serious injury and even more killing. Marty Fish and Don Kelly are the founding members of The Senior Detectives Agency and their plan is to work through Tasmania's Unsolved Murder list and get rich on the reward money. They like a drink, they like a joke and they like a bit of adventure. Follow Marty and Don as they travel around Tasmania, Australia's beautiful Island State, solving cold cases as The Senior Detectives."
"Solstice Wood Winter Rose 2 by Patricia A. McKillip. The death of her beloved grandfather forces bookstore owner Sylvia Lynn to return to her childhood home in upstate New York to confront the grandmother who had raised her and the nearby woods that had both enticed and terrified her, and encounters members of the local Fiber Guild, a group of women seeking to bind the power of the woods into their weavings. Reprint. 25,000 first printing."
Od Magic by Patricia A. McKillip. No description available
25 Ways to Win with People How to Make Others Feel Like a Million Bucks by John C. Maxwell Les Parrott III. No description available
Winning with People Workbook by John C. Maxwell. No description available
Thornhold The Harpers 16 Songs Swords 4 by Elaine Cunningham. No description available
"The Best of the Realms The Stories of Elaine Cunningham Forgotten Realms The Best of the Realms 3 by Elaine Cunningham. New York Times bestselling author The much awaited story of master assassin Artemis Entreri and the first installment in a new series set in the Forgotten Realms universe Surrounded by dark elves, Artemis Entreri tightens his grip on the streets of Calimport. While he urges caution, his sponsor grows ever more ambitious. The assassin will soon find himself on a path his most hated enemy has walked before him a path that leads to a place where someone like Entreri would never be welcome. Drow leader Jarlaxle has ascended from dark Menzoberranzan with only civil intentions. The malevolent Crystal Shard s influence on him intensifies until even the drow agents he brought with him grow fearful. When his own company begins to turn on him, Jarlaxle will be forced to find a savior in the man he s come to enslave. Servant of the Shard is the first book in the Sellswords trilogy and the fourteenth book in the Legend of Drizzt series."
Changeling Storytellers Guide by Mark Hunter Ian Lemke. No description available
The Blood Wood Earthdawn 6113 by FASA Corporation Ian Lemke Louis J. Prosperi. No description available
Basin and Range by John McPhee. No description available
The Deltoid Pumpkin Seed by John McPhee. No description available
Assembling California by John McPhee. No description available
Qu Se Puede Esperar Cuando Se Est Esperando by Heidi Murkoff Arlene Eisenberg. No description available
Master of Swords Mageverse 4 by Angela Knight. No description available
Master of the Night Mageverse 1 by Angela Knight. No description available
Master of Wolves Mageverse 3 by Angela Knight. No description available
Captive Dreams by Angela Knight Diane Whiteside. No description available
"Master of Dragons Mageverse 5 by Angela Knight. Witch Lark McClure has survived a vicious vampire attack that shook her confidence and left her struggling with feelings of helplessness and fear. The last thing she needs is a partnership with Gawain, a handsome vampire knight who means to seduce her every chance he gets. Gawain believes he needs Lark for one thing and one thing only and it s not her skill with magic. In the process, he plans to help her overcome her fear and show her the pleasure to be found in a vampire s arms. But even as passion sizzles between Lark and Gawain, a revenge driven killer targets them. If he has his way, Lark, Gawain, and the world itself will pay the price."
Master of the Moon Mageverse 2 by Angela Knight. No description available
Jane's Warlord Warlord 1 by Angela Knight. No description available
"Over The Moon Mageverse 3.5 by Angela Knight MaryJanice Davidson Virginia Kantra Sunny. Three bestselling superstars and one exciting new voice in paranormal romance in a hot new anthology. When it comes to sexy werewolves, fairies, and magic, there's only one place for readers to go this winter Over the Moon. Angela Knight ventures to the borders of Mageverse, a land ruled by vampire knights. MaryJanice Davidson returns to the wicked lair of the Wyndham werewolves. Virginia Kantra finds magic and wonder in a strange fairy kingdom. And Sunny discovers a Mixed Blood Queen in command of a new realm."
Mr. and Mistress Dynasties The Elliotts 5 by Heidi Betts. She was his kept woman a secret lover livingin Las Vegas luxury. It had been an ideal situation.Until Misty Vale discovered she was carryingCullen Elliott's child. Misty was not the type a millionaire like Cullencould ever take as his wife. Her past was scandalous his family above reproach. How could she ever tellhim the truth?But Cullen had ways of finding things out. And hewasn't about to allow his heir to be born on thewrong side of the bed!
Artesia Volume 1 by Mark Smylie. No description available
Law of Enclosures by Dale Peck. No description available
The Drift House The First Voyage by Dale Peck. No description available
Through a Brazen Mirror by Delia Sherman Cortney Skinner Ellen Kushner. No description available
The Porcelain Dove by Delia Sherman. No description available
Interfictions An Anthology of Interstitial Writing by Delia Sherman Theodora Goss K. Tempest Bradford Karen Jordan Allen Rachel Pollack Veronica Schanoes Mikal Trimm Colin Greenland Vandana Singh Matthew Cheney L a Silhol Adri n Ferrero Holly Phillips Catherynne M. Valente Christopher Barzak Leslie What Anna Tambour Joy Marchand Jon Singer Csilla Kleinheincz Michael J. DeLuca. No description available
"The Fall of the Kings Riverside 3 by Ellen Kushner Delia Sherman. This stunning follow up to Ellen Kushner s cult classic novel, Swordspoint, is set in the same world of labyrinthine intrigue, where sharp swords and even sharper wits rule. Against a rich tapestry of artists and aristocrats, students, strumpets, and spies, a gentleman and a scholar will find themselves playing out an ancient drama destined to explode their society s smug view of itself and reveal that sometimes the best price of uncovering history is being forced to repeat it . The Fall of the Kings Generations ago the last king fell, taking with him the final truths about a race of wizards who ruled at his side. But the blood of the kings runs deep in the land and its people, waiting for the coming together of two unusual men, Theron Campion, a young nobleman of royal lineage, is heir to an ancient house and a modern scandal. Tormented by his twin duties to his family and his own bright spirit, he seeks solace in the University. There he meets Basil St. Cloud, a brilliant and charismatic teacher ruled by a passion for knowledge and a passion for the ancient kings. Of course, everyone now knows that the wizards were charlatans and the kings their dupes and puppets. Only Basil ins not convinced nor is he convinced that the city has seen its last king"
Killing Time by Cynthia Harrod Eagles. No description available
"The Tangled Thread Morland Dynasty 10 by Cynthia Harrod Eagles. 1788 the bloody revolution in France causes upheaval in the Morland family... Henri Marie Fitzjames Stuart, illegitimate offshoot of the Morland family, strives to protect his daughter, Heloise, his mistress, Marie France, and their son Morland. But in the bloodbath of the guillotine, Henri Marie loses his head and Heloise flees to England. She is welcomed with open arms by the family, and in Yorkshire Jemima proudly witnesses three marriages amongst her turbulent brood. At least three may be an heir to Morland Place, but the seeds of disaster have already been sown."
"The Flood Tide Morland Dynasty 9 by Cynthia Harrod Eagles. Volume nine of the Morland dynasty 1772 Although George III reigns over a peaceful England, his colonies in the Americas are claiming independence and a tide of revolutionary fervour is gripping France. Allen Morland and his beloved wife Jemima work unstintingly to bring Morland Place back to its former glory. Their seven children often bring them heartache, but they are sustained by their love for each other. Cynthia Harrod Eagles won the Young Writers Award with her first novel and has since written over fifty books"
"The White Road Morland Dynasty 28 by Cynthia Harrod Eagles. August 1914 the whole country is thrilled by the declaration of war. The British Experditionary Force goes off toe France to defend gallant little Belgium, and thousands more young men rush to volunteer, hoping to see action before the war ends at Christmas. At home everyone competes to be doing the most for the war effort. The Morlands have their share of volunteers, and no one can say they aren't at the very heart of things. But when Christmas comes the war is far from over, and nine in ten of the men who marched, singing, down the white road to Mons have fallen ..."
The Maiden The Morland Dynasty 8 by Cynthia Harrod Eagles. No description available
"The Oak Apple Morland Dynasty 4 by Cynthia Harrod Eagles. 1630 after long years of peace the reign of Charles I brings brutal civil war to England. The clash between King and Parliament is echoed at Morland Place when Richard brings home a Puritan bride while his brother, Kit, joins Prince Rupert and the Royalist cavalry, leaving their father Edmund desperately trying to steer a middle course between the fighting factions. As the war grinds on, bitterness and disillusion replace the early fervour, and the schisms between husband and wife, father and son, grow deeper. Edmund struggles grimly through it all in an attempt to keep the Morland fortune intact, but he is thwarted by the estrangement between his sons and then alienated from his beloved wife, Mary."
"The Emperor The Morland Dynasty 11 by Cynthia Harrod Eagles. In the Morland Dynasty series, the majestic sweep of English history is richly and movingly portrayed through the fictional lives of the Morland family. It is 1705, and the shadow of Napoleon is falling across Europe, and a restlessness seems to be changing mores and loosening society's restraints. At Morland Place, James' marriage to Mary Ann is falling apart Lucy's to Chetwyn is in the balance as she embarks on a blatant affair with a sea officer and William supports a mistress he cannot marry. Mary goes to sea with her husband Captain Haworth and is caught up in the battle of the Nile and as war becomes inevitable, Lucy knows she must say goodbye to her love as every fighting captain waits eagerly for his commission."
The Nature of the Child by Jerome Kagan. No description available
Confessions of a Pagan Nun by Kate Horsley. No description available
Westminster Abby by Micol Ostow. No description available
Changelings by Anne McCaffrey Elizabeth Ann Scarborough. No description available
"Dragon's Fire Pern 19 by Anne McCaffrey Todd McCaffrey. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER A richly detailed story on a par with the rest of the Pern canon . . . another successful McCaffrey mother and son collaboration. Booklist At Natalon s mining camp, Pellar embarks on a secret mission to discover whether the condemned criminals known as the Shunned are stealing coal. But the gifted tracker discovers that a far more treacherous plot is unfolding. A heartless thief named Tenim has realized there is profit to be made from firestone, the volatile mineral that enables the dragons of Pern to burn the lethal Thread out of the sky. When the last remaining firestone mine explodes, a desperate race begins to find a new deposit of the deadly but essential mineral. Sure enough, Tenim has a murderous plan to turn tragedy to his own advantage. Now Pellar and his new friends the kind and gentle Halla, a child of the Shunned, and Cristov, the son of a corrupt miner must stop Tenim. If they fail, it will mean the end for Pern and its dragonriders. Grittier than the early parts of the series Todd s apparently brought a wider, more current worldview to Pern. The San Diego Union Tribune These fabled dragons still cast a spell. Publishers Weekly"
Maelstrom by Anne McCaffrey Elizabeth Ann Scarborough. No description available
"The Mark of the Crown Star Wars Jedi Apprentice 4 by Jude Watson. In this thrilling story filled with action and mystery, the young apprentice Obi Wan Kenobi ventures into a new dimension of his training with Jedi Master Qui Gon Jinn."
The Sea by John Banville John Lee. No description available
Joy Within by Joan Goldstein Manuela Soares. No description available
Butch Femme by Manuela Soares Judy Grahn Nisa Donnelly. No description available
Expository Writing Mini Lessons Strategies Activities by Tara McCarthy Drew Hires Jaime Lucero Vincent Ceci. No description available
Persuasive Writing Mini Lessons Strategies Activities by Tara MacCarthy Drew Hires. No description available
McDougal Littell Science Student Edition Grade 6 Earth Science 2006 by McDougal Littell Douglas W. Carnine. No description available
Daisy Bates Civil Rights Crusader from Arkansas by Grif Stockley. No description available
The Loftier Way Tales from the Ancient American Frontier by Blaine M. Yorgason Brenton G. Yorgason. No description available
"A Higher Justice The Trials of Kit Shannon 5 by James Scott Bell. A case involving a trolley accident pits Kit against powerful railway men, all of whom have something to hide. The truth may blow the lid off a conspiracy, so will her enemies find a way to keep her silenced forever?"
Plot Structure Techniques and Exercises for Crafting a Plot That Grips Readers from Start to Finish by James Scott Bell. No description available
Deadlock by James Scott Bell. No description available
Breach of Promise by James Scott Bell. No description available
Keats's Poetry and Prose by John Keats Jeffrey N. Cox. No description available
A False Mirror Inspector Ian Rutledge 9 by Charles Todd. An attempted murder sends Scotland Yard Inspector Ian Rutledge to a small coastal town simmering with secrets and brings him face to face with a man from his past.
Wings of Fire Inspector Ian Rutledge 2 by Charles Todd. No description available
"A Cold Treachery Inspector Ian Rutledge 7 by Charles Todd. Stunning . . . the tragic sweep of Todd s historical mysteries grows more expansive with each novel. The New York Times Book Review Called out into the teeth of a violent blizzard, Inspector Ian Rutledge faces one of the most savage murders he s ever encountered. He might have expected such unspeakable carnage on the World War I battlefields where he d lost much of his soul and his sanity but not in an otherwise peaceful farm kitchen in remote Urskdale. Someone has murdered the Elcott family without the least sign of struggle. But when the victims are tallied, the local police are in for another shock One child is missing. Now the Inspector must race to save a young boy before he s silenced by the merciless elements or the even colder hands of the killer who hides in the blinding snow. Praise for A Cold Treachery Todd s Ian Rutledge mysteries are among the most intelligent and affecting being written these days. Washington Post Book World Brilliant. Chicago Tribune Traditional mystery lovers who prefer their whodunits enriched with psychological insight will heartily embrace A Cold Treachery. . . . A superb effort. Publishers Weekly starred review Brilliantly conceived and elegantly executed. Strand magazine"
The Murder Stone by Charles Todd. No description available
Legacy of the Dead Inspector Ian Rutledge 4 by Charles Todd. No description available
"A Fearsome Doubt Inspector Ian Rutledge 6 by Charles Todd. Charles Todd s mysteries are among the most intelligent and affecting being written these days. The Washington Post Book World In 1912 Ian Rutledge helped gather the evidence that sent Ben Shaw to the gallows. Now, seven years later, Ben Shaw s widow brings Rutledge evidence she s convinced proves her husband s innocence. Ben Shaw s past is a tangle of unsettling secrets that may or may not be true. And it grows only more twisted when a seemingly unrelated murder brings Rutledge back to Kent. There an unexpected encounter revives his painful memories of war and the voice of Hamish MacLeod, the soldier Rutledge was forced to execute. Two elusive killers are on the loose at the same time . . . and to catch them before they catch him, Rutledge will be forced to question everything he believes about right, wrong and murder. Praise for A Fearsome Doubt Brilliant . . . Who d have thought that Charles Todd s brilliant concept for a mystery . . . would not only continue but grow stronger from book to book. Chicago Tribune Todd raises the stakes in this series to new and nearly unbearable levels. The New York Times Book Review A brilliant and gripping whodunit . . . an outstanding historical mystery and literate period fiction. Publishers Weekly starred review"
Watchers of Time Inspector Ian Rutledge 5 by Charles Todd. No description available
Search the Dark Inspector Ian Rutledge 3 by Charles Todd. No description available
"Hunters of Dune Dune Chronicles 7 by Brian Herbert Kevin J. Anderson. Frank Herbert's Final Novel in the Magnificent Dune Chronicles the Bestselling Science Fiction Adventure of All Time The desert planet Arrakis, called Dune, has been destroyed. The remnants of the Old Empire have been consumed by the violent matriarchal cult known as the Honored Matres. Only one faction remains a viable threat to their total conquest the Bene Gesserit, heirs to Dune s power. Under the leadership of Mother Superior Darwi Odrade, the Bene Gesserit have colonized a green world on the planet Chapterhouse and are turning it into a desert, mile by scorched mile. And once they ve mastered breeding sandworms, the Sisterhood will control the production of the greatest commodity in the known galaxy the spice melange. But their true weapon remains a man who has lived countless lifetimes a man who served under the God Emperor Paul Muad Dib...."
The Battle Of Corrin Legends of Dune 3 by Brian Herbert Kevin J. Anderson. Science fiction roman.
House Corrino Prelude to Dune 3 by Brian Herbert Kevin J. Anderson. No description available
House Harkonnen Prelude to Dune 2 by Brian Herbert Kevin J. Anderson. No description available
Doctor Who The Inside Story by Gary Russell. No description available
Doctor Who Short Trips Repercussions by Gary Russell Peter Anghelides J. Shaun Lyon Jon de Burgh Miller Eddie Robson Todd Green Andy Russell Andrew Collins Kathryn Sullivan Iain McLaughlin Mark Michalowski Joseph Lidster Trevor Baxendale Colin Brake Claire Bartlett Sarah Groenewegen Trey Korte Andy Frankham Allen. No description available
Gerontius by James Hamilton Paterson. No description available
Hellstrom's Hive by Frank Herbert. No description available
"The Dark City Eliot Ness 1 by Max Allan Collins. In 1929, Eliot Ness put away Al Scarface Capone and became the biggest living legend this side of law and order. Now it's 1935. With The Untouchables and Prohibition behind him and the Great Depression falling darkly across the nation, Ness arrives in Cleveland to straighten out a crooked city."
Bullet Proof Eliot Ness 3 by Max Allan Collins. No description available
The Penguin Companion to European Literature by Anthony Thorlby. No description available
West To Eden by Gloria Goldreich. No description available
The Various by Steve Augarde. No description available
Truman Capote In Which Various Friends Enemies Acquaintances and Detractors Recall His Turbulent Career by George Plimpton. No description available
The Burnt Orange Heresy by Charles Willeford. No description available
Ewan McGregor From Junkie to Jedi by Brian J. Robb. No description available
Shadow Twin by Gardner Dozois George R.R. Martin Daniel Abraham. No description available
Der Prophet by Kahlil Gibran. No description available
Le proph te by Kahlil Gibran. No description available
The Complete Stories of Robert Louis Stevenson Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Nineteen Other Tales by Robert Louis Stevenson Barry Menikoff. No description available
The Complete Short Stories Of Robert Louis Stevenson With A Selection Of The Best Short Novels by Robert Louis Stevenson Charles Neider. No description available
A Child's Garden of Verses by Robert Louis Stevenson Tasha Tudor. No description available
Have Space Suit Will Travel by Robert A. Heinlein. No description available
Practicalities by Marguerite Duras Barbara Bray. No description available
Le ravissement de Lol V. Stein by Marguerite Duras. No description available
India Song by Marguerite Duras Barbara Bray. No description available
Clown by Quentin Blake. No description available
The Spiral Stair Arabel and Mortimer 6 by Joan Aiken Quentin Blake. No description available
A Near Thing for Captain Najork Captain Najork 2 by Russell Hoban Quentin Blake. No description available
Cover Her Face Adam Dalgliesh 1 by P.D. James Neville Teller Robin Ellis Sian Phillips Hugh Grant. No description available
Reptiles and Amphibians Smithsonian Handbooks by Mark O'Shea Tim Halliday Jonathan Metcalf. No description available
"The Camera Ansel Adams Photography 1 by Ansel Adams Robert Hardy Baker. Ansel Adams 1902 1984 produced some of the 20th century's most iconic photographic images and helped nurture the art of photography through his creative innovations and peerless technical mastery. The Camera the first volume in Adams' celebrated series of books on photographic techniques has taught generations of photographers how to harness the camera's artistic potential. This time honored handbook distills the knowledge gained through a lifetime in photography and remains as vital today as when it was first published. Along with visualization, image management, Adams' famous Zone System, and other keys to photographic artistry, The Camera covers 35mm, medium format, and large format view cameras, while offering detailed advice on camera components such as lenses, shutters, and light meters. Beautifully illustrated with photographs as well as instructive line drawings, this classic manual belongs on every serious photographer's bookshelf. Adams is a clear thinking writer whose concepts cannot but help the serious photographer. New York Times A master class kind of guide from an undisputed master. Publishers Weekly Over 1 million copies sold. Publisher's Note This ebook of The Camera works best as a digital companion to the print edition. The ebook was produced by electronically scanning and digitizing a print edition, and as a result, your reading device may display images with halftone or moir patterns."
"The Negative Ansel Adams Photography 2 by Ansel Adams Robert Hardy Baker. Ansel Adams 1902 1984 produced some of the 20th century's most iconic photographic images and helped nurture the art of photography through his creative innovations and peerless technical mastery. The Negative the second volume in Adams' celebrated series of books on photographic techniques has taught generations of photographers how to use film and the film development process creatively. Examples of Adams' own work clarify the principles discussed. This classic handbook distills the knowledge gained through a lifetime in photography and remains as vital today as when it was first published. Anchored by a detailed discussion of Adams' Zone System and his seminal concept of visualization, The Negative covers artificial and natural light, film and exposure, and darkroom equipment and techniques. Beautifully illustrated with photographs as well as instructive line drawings, this classic manual can dramatically improve your photography. Adams is a clear thinking writer whose concepts cannot but help the serious photographer. New York Times A master class kind of guide from an undisputed master. Publishers Weekly Over 1 million copies sold. Publisher's Note This ebook of The Negative works best as a digital companion to the print edition. The ebook was produced by electronically scanning and digitizing a print edition, and as a result, your reading device may display images with halftone or moir patterns."
"The Print Ansel Adams Photography 3 by Ansel Adams Robert Hardy Baker. Ansel Adams 1902 1984 produced some of the 20th century's most iconic photographic images and helped nurture the art of photography through his creative innovations and peerless technical mastery. The Print the third volume in Adams' celebrated series of books on photographic techniques has taught generations of photographers how to explore the artistic possibilities of printmaking. Examples of Adams' own work clarify the principles discussed. This classic handbook distills the knowledge gained through a lifetime in photography and remains as vital today as when it was first published. The Print takes you step by step from designing and furnishing a darkroom to mounting and displaying your photographs, from making your first print to mastering advanced techniques, such as developer modifications, toning and bleaching, and burning and dodging. Filled with indispensable darkroom techniques and tips, this amply illustrated guide shows how printmaking the culmination of photography's creative process can be used expressively to enhance an image. Adams is a clear thinking writer whose concepts cannot but help the serious photographer. New York Times A master class kind of guide from an undisputed master. Publishers Weekly Over 1 million copies sold. Publisher's Note This ebook of The Print works best as a digital companion to the print edition. The ebook was produced by electronically scanning and digitizing a print edition, and as a result, your reading device may display images with halftone or moir patterns."
The Changing Status of the Artist by Emma Barker Nick Webb Kim W. Woods. No description available
Vicars of Christ A History of the Popes by Charles A. Coulombe. No description available
The Big Bing Black Holes of Time Management Gaseous Executive Bodies Exploding Careers and Other Theories on the Origins of the Business Universe by Stanley Bing. No description available
What Would Machiavelli Do? The Ends Justify the Meanness by Stanley Bing. No description available
William James In the Maelstrom of American Modernism by Robert D. Richardson Jr.. No description available
Cliffs Notes on Wright's Black Boy by Carl Senna CliffsNotes Richard Wright. No description available
The Wit and Wisdom of Abraham Lincoln A Book of Quotations by Abraham Lincoln Bob Blaisdell. No description available
Speeches and Writings 1832 1858 by Abraham Lincoln Don E. Fehrenbacher. No description available
Selected Speeches and Writings by Abraham Lincoln Gore Vidal. No description available
George Eliot The Last Victorian by Kathryn Hughes. No description available
The Mill on the Floss by George Eliot A.S. Byatt. No description available
Scenes of Clerical Life by George Eliot Thomas A. Noble. No description available
Terry Jones' Medieval Lives by Terry Jones Alan Ereira. No description available
Terry Jones' Fairy Tales by Terry Jones Michael Foreman. No description available
Some Ether by Nick Flynn. No description available
Tin House Evil Volume 8 no. 3 by Chris Adrian Nick Flynn Francine Prose Josip Novakovich Moonshine. No description available
A Note Slipped Under the Door Teaching from Poems We Love by Nick Flynn Shirley McPhillips Philippa Stratton. No description available
The Trouble with Testosterone and Other Essays on the Biology of the Human Predicament by Robert M. Sapolsky. No description available
Monkeyluv And Other Essays on Our Lives as Animals by Robert M. Sapolsky. No description available
Literary Criticism Vol. 1 Essays on Literature American Writers English Writers by Henry James Leon Edel Mark Wilson. No description available
Advanced Statistics Demystified by Larry J. Stephens. No description available
Lilly's Big Day by Kevin Henkes. No description available
Chester's Way by Kevin Henkes. No description available
Julius the Baby of the World by Kevin Henkes. No description available
Forms of Talk by Erving Goffman. No description available
Interaction Ritual Essays on Face to Face Behavior by Erving Goffman. No description available
Study Bible NIV by Anonymous. No description available
"My Lord Eternity Immortal Rogues 2 by Debbie Raleigh Alexandra Ivy. Sebastian St. Ives tries to protect Amelia Haldwell, who, unbeknownst to herself, holds the key to freeing a bloodthirsty vampire, from the vampire's evil schemes, and from his own growing attraction to her."
Aesop's Fables by Aesop Ann McGovern. No description available
Once A Wolf How Wildlife Biologists Fought to Bring Back the Gray Wolf by Stephen R. Swinburne Jim Brandenburg. No description available
Conversations with Don DeLillo by Don DeLillo Thomas DePietro. No description available
Inventing America Jefferson's Declaration of Independence by Garry Wills. No description available
Venice Lion City The Religion of Empire by Garry Wills. No description available
Four Weddings and a Funeral by Richard Curtis. No description available
Halloween by Richard Curtis. No description available
Janet My Mother and Me A Memoir of Growing Up with Janet Flanner and Natalia Danesi Murray by William Murray. No description available
Catch That Pass! by Matt Christopher. No description available
"Divide and Conquer Tom Clancy's Op Center 7 by Jeff Rovin Tom Clancy Steve Pieczenik. 1 New York Times bestselling phenomenon Tom Clancy delivers an all new, original novel, Op Center Divide and Conquer.Shadowy elements within the State Department secretly cause tensions to flare between Iran and the former Soviet republic of Azerbaijan. They hope to start a shooting war to increase their own power and profit.At the same time, the conspirators decide to up the ante by deposing the president of the United States. In a treacherous scheme, they convince the president that he is mentally unstable, and a silent coup d'etat is within their reach.Now, Paul Hood and the members of Op Center must race against the clock to prevent the outbreak of war, save the honor of the president and expose the traitors."
"Death Match Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers 18 by Diane Duane Tom Clancy Steve Pieczenik. The latest, greatest, high tech thrill ride for Tom Clancy's legion of young fans. The amateurs are beating the pros in this year's spatball playoffs and some big bettors plan to lose a fortune. When they threaten a star player, the Net Force Explorers are called in to protect America's newest pastime."
Line of Control Tom Clancy's Op Center 8 by Jeff Rovin Tom Clancy Steve Pieczenik. No description available
"Sea of Fire Tom Clancy's Op Center 10 by Jeff Rovin Tom Clancy Steve Pieczenik. A New York Times bestseller! Tom Clancy's Op Center is back with this new thriller written by the New York Times bestselling authors of Tom Clancy's ACT OF VALOR and featuring a chilling, ripped from the headlines scenario. Before 9 11 America was protected by a covert force known as the National Crisis Management Center. Commonly known as Op Center, this silent, secret mantel guarded the American people and protected the country from enemies. The charter was top secret and Director Paul Hood reported directly to the president. Op Center used undercover operatives with SWAT capabilities to diffuse crises around the world, and they were tops in their field. But after the World Trade Center disaster, in the interest of streamlining, OP Center was disbanded leaving the country in terrible danger. But when terrorists detonate bombs in sports stadiums around the country leaving men, women and children dead or mutilated, the President executes an emergency order to bring back Op Center an Op Center capable of dealing with the high tech crises of the 21st Century, and there is a lethal one brewing in the Middle East. A renegade Saudi Prince with ambitions of controlling the world's oil supply has an ingenious plot to manipulate America into attacking Syria and launching a war against Iran. Next, they would ignite a sleeper cell to attack the America homeland, resulting in a bloodbath unlike any other. Only the men and women of Op Center, using sophisticated technology, realize what is about to be unleashed. Only they have the courage to issue a warning no one wants to hear. But will anyone believe them?"
One is the Loneliest Number Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers 3 by Diane Duane Tom Clancy Steve Pieczenik. No description available
Aliens Nightmare Asylum by Steve Perry. No description available
"The Omega Cage Matador 4 by Steve Perry Michael Reaves. At the close of the twenty fourth century, a series of revolutions has caused the galaxy to descend into chaos. With the Galactic Union Army stretched thin, mercenary units have arisen for those who have the need and the means to hire them Kay, the alien member of the Cutter Force Initiative, has returned to her brutal home world of Vast on a mission of mercy. Before she joined the merc team, she was a great healer. And now her skills are sorely needed. Hundreds of Vastalimi including her blood kin are dying mysteriously. But is the plague a work of nature? Or is it a bioengineered virus, purposefully unleashed? Kay and Doc Wink will have to find out the hard way. With the Cutter Force light years away, the two find the odds against them and on a planet like Vast, where violence abounds and life is cheap, they may be facing a foe they can t defeat"
The 97th Step Matador 5 by Steve Perry. No description available
A Friar's Bloodfeud Knights Templar 20 by Michael Jecks. No description available
"Death Ship of Dartmouth Knights Templar 21 by Michael Jecks. When a body is found lying in the road, many in Dartmouth assume that a drunk had fallen and killed himself. At the same time, the town is on alert because a ship has been found ravaged by pirates out at sea, the crew killed or captured. Is this the beginning of a new onslaught by pirates, or is something more sinister happening? Sir Baldwin de Furnshill has been told of spies and messengers being sent to the great traitor Roger Mortimer in France. If the messengers reach Mortimer, civil war in England will soon break out. This is the most important investigation of their lives it could result in their own execution if they fail to learn the facts. But if they succeed, other men will want them silenced forever."
The John Deere Two Cylinder Tractor Encyclopedia The Complete Model by Model History by Don Macmillan Wayne G. Broehl Jr.. No description available
Phantoms by Rosalind M. Greenberg. No description available
Fantasy Gone Wrong by Martin H. Greenberg Brittiany A. Koren Brian Stableford Mickey Zucker Reichert Fiona Patton Jim C. Hines Esther M. Friesner Donald J. Bingle Alan Dean Foster Devon Monk Phaedra M. Weldon Christina F. York Jana Paniccia Josepha Sherman Susan Sizemore Michael Jasper Janny Wurts Lisanne Norman. No description available
The Ghosts in Baker Street New Tales of Sherlock Holmes by Martin H. Greenberg Daniel Stashower. No description available
Christmas Bestiary by Martin H. Greenberg Jack Nimersheim Jane Yolen Jack C. Haldeman II Harry Turtledove Laura Resnick Mike Resnick Karen Haber Jane Lindskold Lawrence Schimel Barry N. Malzberg Tanya Huff Michelle Sagara West Mark Aronson Stefan R. Dziemianowicz Jennifer Roberson Kristine Kathryn Rusch Elizabeth Ann Scarborough Barbara Delaplace Barb Jernigan Blake Cahoon. No description available
Black Cats and Broken Mirrors by John Helfers Esther M. Friesner Nina Kiriki Hoffman Bruce Holland Rogers Peter Crowther R. Davis Charles de Lint Elizabeth Ann Scarborough Michelle Sagara West Nancy Springer Dean Wesley Smith Kristine Kathryn Rusch Josepha Sherman Jane Lindskold Genevieve Gorman Kristin Schwengel Jean Fran ois Podevin Zane Stillings Carol Rondou. No description available
Time Twisters by Jean Rabe Martin H. Greenberg Stephen Leigh Gene DeWeese Joe Masdon Donald J. Bingle Skip Williams Penny Williams Pierce Askegren Nancy Virginia Varian Wes Nicholson John Helfers Chris Pierson Harry Turtledove Kevin J. Anderson Robert E. Vardeman Jackie Cassada James M. Ward Jon L. Breen Linda P. Baker. No description available
The Western Canon The Books and School of the Ages by Harold Bloom. No description available
Shakespeare The Invention of the Human by Harold Bloom. No description available
The American Religion by Harold Bloom. No description available
American Caesar Douglas MacArthur 1880 1964 by William Manchester. No description available
Winchester Shotguns by Dennis Adler R.L. Wilson. No description available
Colossians and Philemon A Critical and Exegetical Commentary International Critical Commentary by R. McL. Wilson. No description available
Maurice Sendak's Seven Little Monsters What Time is It? Book 4 by Arthur Yorinks Raymond Jafelice. Five wants to learn to tell time just like his brothers and sisters. The monsters set out to help. Soon time is flying by as they have fun teaching an important lesson.
Meditations for Manifesting Morning and Evening Meditations to Literally Create Your Heart's Desire by Wayne W. Dyer. No description available
There's a Spiritual Solution to Every Problem by Wayne W. Dyer. No description available
Michael Smith Elements of Style by Michael S. Smith Diane Dorrans Saeks. No description available
Spares by Michael Marshall Smith. No description available
One of Us by Michael Marshall Smith. No description available
"The Secret City Pyrates 1 by Chris Archer. Spies. Underground tunnels. Old maps. New enemies. Pirate oaths. Hidden treasure. Endless danger. This series has real boy appeal. It has a fast pace, adventure, international intrigue, and more. George is fascinated by his family's legacy, the stories that link his ancestors to the infamous pirate Captain Kidd. But for 12 years, everyone has told him the stories are rumors. Now George has discovered the truth. And the truth is hidden in the web of tunnels mysteriously dug underneath his house in Manhattan. There are secrets to be revealed, friendships to be tested, and ancient injustices to be set right. George and his friends will sink deep underground to a secret city in search of treasure, but they'll find they aren't the only ones looking for it and there's much more at stake."
The Theory and Practice of Group Psychotherapy by Irvin D. Yalom Molyn Leszcz. No description available
When Nietzsche Wept by Irvin D. Yalom. No description available
Existential Psychotherapy by Irvin D. Yalom. No description available
Crown of Stars Crown of Stars 7 by Kate Elliott. No description available
Crown Duel Crown Court 1 2 by Sherwood Smith. Publisher Description
A Rose for the Crown by Anne Easter Smith. No description available
"The Bloody Crown of Conan Conan the Cimmerian 2 by Robert E. Howard Gary Gianni Patrice Louinet. In his hugely influential and tempestuous career, Robert E. Howard created the genre that came to be known as sword and sorcery and brought to life one of fantasy s boldest and most enduring figures Conan the Cimmerian reaver, slayer, barbarian, king. Stories such as The People of the Black Circle glow with the fierce and eldritch light of Howard s frenzied intensity. Stephen King This lavishly illustrated volume gathers together three of Howard s longest and most famous Conan stories two of them printed for the first time directly from Howard s typescript along with a collection of the author s previously unpublished and rarely seen outlines, notes, and drafts. Longtime fans and new readers alike will agree that The Bloody Crown of Conan merits a place of honor on every fantasy lover s bookshelf. THE PEOPLE OF THE BLACK CIRCLE Amid the towering crags of Vendhya, in the shadowy citadel of the Black Circle, Yasmina of the golden throne seeks vengeance against the Black Seers. Her only ally is also her most formidable enemy Conan, the outlaw chief. THE HOUR OF THE DRAGON Toppled from the throne of Aquilonia by the evil machinations of an undead wizard, Conan must find the fabled jewel known as the Heart of Ahriman to reclaim his crown . . . and save his life. A WITCH SHALL BE BORN A malevolent witch of evil beauty. An enslaved queen. A kingdom in the iron grip of ruthless mercenaries. And Conan, who plots deadly vengeance against the human wolf who left him in the desert to die."
Rough Crossings Britain the Slaves and the American Revolution by Simon Schama. No description available
Landscape and Memory by Simon Schama. No description available
The Embarrassment of Riches An Interpretation of Dutch Culture in the Golden Age by Simon Schama. No description available
Citizens A Chronicle of the French Revolution by Simon Schama. No description available
The Feelings Book The Care Keeping of Your Emotions by Lynda Madison Bonnie Timmons Norm Bendell. No description available
A Smart Girl's Guide to Money How to Make It Save It And Spend It by Nancy Holyoke Ali Douglass. No description available
What Would You Do? American Girl Library by Patti Kelley Criswell Norm Bendell. No description available
The Halloween Activity Book Creepy Crawly Hairy Scary Things to Do by Mymi Doinet Benjamin Chaud. No description available
The Capricorn Stone by Madeleine Brent. No description available
Golden Urchin by Madeleine Brent. No description available
The Ethics of Ambiguity by Simone de Beauvoir Bernard Frechtman. No description available
She Came to Stay by Simone de Beauvoir. No description available
The Coming of Age by Simone de Beauvoir Patrick O'Brian. No description available
A Transatlantic Love Affair Letters to Nelson Algren by Simone de Beauvoir Nelson Algren Sylvie Le Bon de Beauvoir Vanessa Kling Ellen Gordon Reeves. No description available
La force de l' ge by Simone de Beauvoir. No description available
What Life Was Like When Rome Ruled the World The Roman Empire 100 BC AD 200 What Life Was Like by Time Life Books. No description available
Sudden Fiction International 60 Short Short Stories by Robert Shapard James Thomas. No description available
Sudden Fiction American Short Short Stories by Robert Shapard James Thomas. No description available
Sarah Bernhardt by Elizabeth Silverthorne Betty McCollum. No description available
The Art of Controversy The Essays of Arthur Schopenhauer by Thomas Bailey Saunders. No description available
The Wisdom of Life by Arthur Schopenhauer Thomas Bailey Saunders. No description available
"For All Time Time Travelers 4 by Caroline B. Cooney. Do other superior beings really exist outside of Earth? Of course they do and in this book they are very active all over the Universe but not always in a serious way. The Sramsians, Sunevians and Otulpians are from three identical planets in the same orbit around the same sun in a very old galaxy on the far side of the universe that has no sides. They come from a Galaxy so old that its name has been forgotten and so is just called The Oldest Galaxy. The Creator has made them the Caretakers, Custodians and the Commissioners of the Universe as the Creator is very busy creating. This third book in the series centres around the Human hero who saved the Universe and his attempts to get back to where and who he was when he originally left Earth. He finds that two or three years in Space Time is ten thousand years in Earth Time so he sneaks a peak into the future and meets future human beings. He gets a lot of shocks and surprises, not all good, before the Aliens find a way to return him to his origins. He discovers that the future Humans have read his books that he hasn't written yet so that is the reason why the author is writing the books now so that future Humans can read about themselves from the past!!"
Wanted! by Caroline B. Cooney. No description available
The Time Travelers Volume One by Caroline B. Cooney. No description available
The Stranger by Caroline B. Cooney. No description available
Every Night Italian Every Night Italian by Giuliano Hazan Marcella Hazan Dana Gallagher. No description available
More Classic Italian Cooking by Marcella Hazan. No description available
Practice Makes Perfect Italian Verb Tenses by Paola Nanni Tate. No description available
"Effigies Faye Longchamp 3 by Mary Anna Evans. 2007 Florida Book Award Bronze Medal Winner As an archeological tour alone the book would be worth reading, but it's the fascinating and complex characters that give the story life and vibrancy. Rhys Bowen, New York Times bestselling author Faye Longchamp and Joe Wolf Mantooth have traveled to Neshoba County, Mississippi, to help excavate a site near Nanih Waiya, the sacred mound where tradition says the Choctaw nation was born. When farmer Carroll Calhoun refuses the archaeologists' request to investigate an ancient Native American mound, Faye and her colleagues are disappointed. But his next action breaks their hearts he tries to bulldoze the huge relic to the ground. Later Calhoun is found dead, his throat sliced with a handmade stone blade. Was he killed by an archaeologist angered by his wanton destruction of history? Did a Choctaw take up arms to defend an embattled heritage? Did someone decide to even the score with an old rival?"
The Cambridge Companion to Schopenhauer by Christopher Janaway. No description available
Stormie A Story of Forgiveness and Healing by Stormie Omartian. No description available
The Orion Mystery Unlocking the Secrets of the Pyramids by Robert Bauval Adrian Geoffrey Gilbert. No description available
Orion Orion 1 by Ben Bova. No description available
Lake Orion Images of America Michigan by James E. Ingram Lori Grove. No description available
Rick Steves' Europe Through the Back Door by Rick Steves. No description available
"A Dangerous Man Hank Thompson 3 by Charlie Huston. Huston writes dialogue so combustible it could fuel a bus and characters crazy enough to take it on the road. The New York Times Book Review Reluctant hitman Henry Thompson has fallen on hard times. His grip on life is disintegrating, his pistol hand shaking, his body pinned to his living room couch by painkillers and his boss, Russian mobster David Dolokhov, isn t happy about any of it. So Henry is surprised when he s handed a new assignment keep tabs on a minor league baseball star named Miguel Arenas. Henry has no pity for the slugger and the wicked gambling problem that got him in trouble, but he can t help liking the guy. After all, Henry used to be just like him a natural born ball player with a bright future. But hell, that was long ago. Before Henry did some guy a favor and ended up running for his life. Before his girlfriend and buddies got gunned down by someone on his tail. Before he agreed to buy his parents safety with a life of violence. And when Miguel gets drafted by the Mets and is sent to the Brooklyn Cyclones, Henry must head back to New York, back to the place where all his problems began and where Henry might find a real reason to keep living, a reason that may just cost him his life. Praise for A Dangerous Man Among the new voices in twenty first century crime fiction, Charlie Huston . . . is where it s at. The Washington Post Huston reminds me of all my favorite writers Pete Dexter, Robert Stone, Crumley. If there is such a thing as compassionate noir, Charlie has found it. He s a true marvel. Ken Bruen, author of The Guards Charlie Huston is the real deal. Peter Straub"
"Already Dead Joe Pitt 1 by Charlie Huston. Those stories you hear? The ones about things that only come out at night? Things that feed on blood, feed on us? Got news for you they re true. Only it s not like the movies or old man Stoker s storybook. It s worse. Especially if you happen to be one of them. Just ask Joe Pitt. There s a shambler on the loose. Some fool who got himself infected with a flesh eating bacteria is lurching around, trying to munch on folks brains. Joe hates shamblers, but he s still the one who has to deal with them. That s just the kind of life he has. Except afterlife might be better word. From the Battery to the Bronx, and from river to river, Manhattan is crawling with Vampyres. Joe is one of them, and he s not happy about it. Yeah, he gets to be stronger and faster than you, and he s tough as nails and hard to kill. But spending his nights trying to score a pint of blood to feed the Vyrus that s eating at him isn t his idea of a good time. And Joe doesn t make it any easier on himself. Going his own way, refusing to ally with the Clans that run the undead underside of Manhattan it ain t easy. It s worse once he gets mixed up with the Coalition the city s most powerful Clan and finds himself searching for a poor little rich girl who s gone missing in Alphabet City. Now the Coalition and the girl s high society parents are breathing down his neck, anarchist Vampyres are pushing him around, and a crazy Vampyre cult is stalking him. No time to complain, though. Got to find that girl and kill that shambler before the whip comes down . . . and before the sun comes up."
"Caught Stealing Hank Thompson 1 by Charlie Huston. A retired baseball player finds himself fighting for his life in this fantastically hopped up thriller with a wrong man plot worthy of Hitchcock Entertainment Weekly, Editor s Choice . Wow! Brutal, visceral, violent, edgy, and brilliant. Harlan Coben In development as a major motion picture starring Austin Butler and directed by Darren Aronofsky Henry call me Hank Thompson used to play California baseball. Now he tends to a bar on Manhattan s Lower East Side. When two Russians in tracksuits beat Hank to a pulp, he gets the clue someone wants something from him. He just doesn t know what it is, where it is, or how to make them understand he doesn t have it. Within twenty for hours, Hank is running over rooftops, playing hide and seek with the NYPD, riding the subway with a dead man at his side, and counting a whole lot of cash on a concrete floor. All because of some Russian hoods and a flat out freakshow of goons. All because once, in another life, the only thing Hank wanted to steal was third base without getting caught."
Ultimate Annuals Volume 2 by Charlie Huston Mike Carey Brian Michael Bendis Robert Kirkman Mike Deodato Ryan Sook Stuart Immonen Frazier Irving. No description available
"Dead I Well May Be Dead Trilogy 1 by Adrian McKinty. The acclaimed debut from the New York Times bestselling author of The Chain, this Irish bad boy thriller set in the hardest streets of New York City brims with violence, greed, and sexual betrayal. I didn't want to go to America, I didn't want to work for Darkey White. I had my reasons. But I went. So admits Michael Forsythe, an illegal immigrant escaping the Troubles in Belfast. But young Michael is strong and fearless and clever just the fellow to be tapped by Darkey, a crime boss, to join a gang of Irish thugs struggling against the rising Dominican powers in Harlem and the Bronx. The time is pre Giuliani New York, when crack rules the city, squatters live furtively in ruined buildings, and hundreds are murdered each month. Michael and his lads tumble through the streets, shaking down victims, drinking hard, and fighting for turf, block by bloody block. Dodgy and observant, not to mention handy with a pistol, Michael is soon anointed by Darkey as his rising star. Meanwhile Michael has very inadvisably seduced Darkey's girl, Bridget saucy, fickle, and irresistible. Michael worries that he's being followed, that his affair with Bridget will be revealed. He's right to be anxious when Darkey discovers the affair, he plans a very hard fall for young Michael, a gambit devilish in its guile, murderous in its intent. But Darkey fails to account for Michael's toughness and ingenuity or the possibility that he might wreak terrible vengeance upon those who would betray him. A natural storyteller with a gift for dialogue, McKinty introduces to readers a stunning new noir voice, dark and stylish, mythic and violent complete with an Irish lilt."
The Dead Yard Michael Forsythe 2 by Adrian McKinty. No description available
The Lighthouse Land Lighthouse Trilogy 1 by Adrian McKinty. No description available
"Spider Mountain Cam Richter 2 by P.T. Deutermann. Summoned by a friend, ex cop Cam Richter agrees to do a favor investigate the assault of a young woman in a remote area of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park."
The Edge of Honor by P.T. Deutermann. No description available
The Firefly by P.T. Deutermann. No description available
Diary of a Spider by Doreen Cronin Harry Bliss. No description available
The Snow Spider Snow Spider Trilogy 1 by Jenny Nimmo. No description available
Ultimate Spider Man Volume 16 Deadpool by Brian Michael Bendis Mark Bagley. No description available
Ultimate Spider Man Volume 7 by Brian Michael Bendis Mark Bagley. No description available
Fables 1001 Nights of Snowfall by Bill Willingham Esao Andrews John Bolton Mark Buckingham James Jean Derek Kirk Kim Tara McPherson Jill Thompson Mark Wheatley Michael Wm. Kaluta Charles Vess Brian Bolland. No description available
Cold Fire Hideaway The Key to Midnight by Dean Koontz Leigh Nichols. No description available
Fables Vol. 8 Wolves by Bill Willingham Mark Buckingham Steve Leialoha Shawn McManus Andrew Pepoy. No description available
Fables Vol. 4 March of the Wooden Soldiers by Bill Willingham Mark Buckingham Craig Hamilton Steve Leialoha P. Craig Russell. No description available
Fables Vol. 1 Legends in Exile by Bill Willingham Terry Moore Mike Allred Lan Medina Mark Buckingham Matthew Sturges Steve Leialoha Craig Hamilton Russ Braun James Jean Tony Akins Eric Shanower Shawn McManus Jae Lee Chrissie Zullo David Petersen. No description available
Fables Vol. 7 Arabian Nights and Days by Bill Willingham Mark Buckingham Steve Leialoha Jim Fern Jimmy Palmiotti Andrew Pepoy. No description available
Fables Vol. 6 Homelands by Bill Willingham David Hahn Mark Buckingham Lan Medina Steve Leialoha. No description available
Fables Vol. 3 Storybook Love by Bill Willingham Bryan Talbot Lan Medina Mark Buckingham Linda Medley Steve Leialoha James Jean. No description available
Fables Vol. 5 The Mean Seasons by Bill Willingham Mark Buckingham Steve Leialoha Tony Akins Jimmy Palmiotti. No description available
The Choice A Fable of Free Trade and Protectionism by Russell Roberts Russ Roberts. No description available
Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable by John Ayto. No description available
Jack of Fables Vol. 1 The Nearly Great Escape by Bill Willingham Matthew Sturges Tony Akins Andrew Pepoy. No description available
Math Fables by Greg Tang Heather Cahoon. No description available
The Five Dysfunctions of a Team A Leadership Fable by Patrick Lencioni. No description available
Aesop's Fables by Aesop Laura Harris Laura Gibbs. No description available
Icebound by David Axton Dean Koontz Paul Michael. No description available
Odd Thomas Odd Thomas 1 by Dean Koontz David Baker. No description available
"Seize the Night Moonlight Bay 2 by Dean Koontz Keith Szarabajka. BONUS This edition contains an excerpt from Dean Koontz's The City. There are no rules in the dark, no place to feel safe, no escape from the shadows. But to save the day, you must...Seize the Night. At no time does Moonlight Bay look more beautiful than at night. Yet it is precisely then that the secluded little town reveals its menace. Now children are disappearing. From their homes. From the streets. And there's nothing their families can do about it. Because in Moonlight Bay, the police work their hardest to conceal crimes and silence victims. No matter what happens in the night, their job is to ensure that nothing disturbs the peace and quiet of Moonlight Bay.... Christopher Snow isn't afraid of the dark. Forced to live in the shadows because of a rare genetic disorder, he knows the night world better than anyone. He believes the lost children are still alive and that their disappearance is connected to the town's most carefully kept, most ominous secret a secret only he can uncover, a secret that will force him to confront an adversary at one with the most dangerous darkness of all. The darkness inside the human heart."
From the Corner of His Eye by Dean Koontz Stephen Lang. No description available
The Good Guy by Dean Koontz Richard Ferrrone. No description available
Pompeii by Robert Harris Michael Cumpsty. No description available
3rd Degree by James Patterson Andrew Gross Carolyn McCormick. No description available
"2nd Chance Women's Murder Club 2 by James Patterson Melissa Leo Jeremy Piven Andrew Gross. The Women's Murder Club returns for another thrilling crime investigation. Will their skills be enough to take down a brutal madman? A brutal madman sprays bullets into a crowd of children leaving a San Francisco church. Miraculously or was it intentionally? only one person dies. Then an elderly black woman is hung. Police homicide inspector Lindsay Boxer senses a connection and together with medical examiner Claire, assistant D. A. Jill, and Chronicle reporter Cindy, finds a link that sends a chill through the entire nation. This killer's motives are unspeakable. In this inventive installment of the Women's Murder Club, James Patterson proves once again why he is the 1 master of the murder mystery Sunday Times ."
The Big Bad Wolf by James Patterson Peter J. Fernandez Denis O'Hare. No description available
Pop Goes the Weasel by James Patterson Roger Rees Keith David. No description available
"The Winds of War The Henry Family 1 by Herman Wouk. Like no other masterpiece of historical fiction, Herman Wouk's sweeping epic of World War II is the great novel of America's Greatest Generation. Wouk's spellbinding narrative captures the tide of global events, as well as all the drama, romance, heroism, and tragedy of World War II, as it immerses us in the lives of a single American family drawn into the very center of the war's maelstrom. The Winds of War and its sequel War and Remembrance stand as the crowning achievement of one of America's most celebrated storytellers."
"Hollywood Station Hollywood Station 1 by Joseph Wambaugh. For a cop, a night on the job means killing time and trying not to get killed. If you're a cop in Hollywood Division, it also means dealing with the most overwrought, desperate, and deluded criminals anywhere. When you're patrolling Sunset and Hollywood Boulevards, neither a good reputation nor the lessons of scandals past will help you keep your cool, your sanity, or your life when things heat up.The robbery of a Hollywood jewelry store, complete with masks and a hand grenade, quickly connects to a Russian nightclub, an undercover operation gone bloodily wrong, and a cluelessly ambitious pair of tweakers. Putting the pieces together are the sergeant they call the Oracle and his squad of street cops. There's Budgie Polk, a twenty something firecracker with a four month old at home, and Wesley Drubb, a rich boy who joined the force seeking thrills. Fausto Gamboa is the tetchy veteran, and Hollywood Nate is the one who never shuts up about movies. They spend their days in patrol cars and their nights in the underbelly of a city that never sleeps. From their headquarters at Hollywood Station, they see the glamour city for what it is a field of land mines, where the mundane is dangerous and the dangerous is mundane."
The Choirboys by Joseph Wambaugh. No description available
Fire Lover A True Story by Joseph Wambaugh. No description available
Floaters by Joseph Wambaugh. No description available
The New Centurions by Joseph Wambaugh. No description available
The Black Marble by Joseph Wambaugh. No description available
The Secrets of Harry Bright by Joseph Wambaugh. No description available
Lines and Shadows by Joseph Wambaugh. No description available
Hollywood Tough Shane Scully 3 by Stephen J. Cannell Paul Michael Michael Prichard. No description available
"Cold Hit Shane Scully 5 by Stephen J. Cannell Scott Brick. What if, under the PATRIOT Act, federal bureaucrats could take murder cases away from local cops then bury those cases so they're never investigated again? What if government agents could bug your home, your car, your place of business your entire life with nothing more than spoken permission from a secret panel of judges? What if the Department of Homeland Security could pull police officers off the street and hold them in cells indefinitely as material witnesses because they're working on sensitive investigations? They can . . . The PATRIOT Act and the Homeland Security Act give enormous power to our nation's top federal law enforcement officials. They operate under the presumption that these officials are honest, diligent, and fair. But what if they're not? In THE COLD HIT, Detective Shane Scully suspects that the regional boss of the Department of Homeland Security is thwarting a major murder investigation. But why? Robert Allen Virtue can act without oversight or accountability. There's no way to question him there's no way to way to check up on him there's no way to find out if he's exceeding his authority. Virtually at will, he can bug anyone he considers a threat to national security, take over criminal investigations, and jail cops. Even if he is breaking the law, there's no way to know it. There's nothing to rely on but his integrity. His professional commitment. His good name. Virtue. That may be a very big mistake. Shane and his partner are investigating the Fingertip Killer, a serial murderer preying on homeless Vietnam vets in Los Angeles. A bullet taken from one victim's skull matches the bullet that killed another man ten years earlier an unexpected ballistics match linking one unsolved case to another that police call a cold hit. When the earlier victim turns out to have been an LAPD cop, the investigation becomes very personal for Shane. But there's a problem Robert Allen Virtue wants him taken off it. To solve the cop's murder, and possibly the Fingertip case, Scully must go behind the powerful bureaucrat's back and deep undercover where he will begin unraveling a deadly far reaching conspiracy that threatens to destroy everything he loves his career, his freedom, and his family."
Trunk Music Harry Bosch 5 Harry Bosch Universe 6 by Michael Connelly Dick Hill. No description available
"Angels Flight Harry Bosch 6 by Michael Connelly Dick Hill. In this superbly paced New York Times bestseller Esquire , LAPD detective Harry Bosch is trying to solve a high profile lawyer's murder. But first he must face the public's suspicion . . . and his darkest fears. An activist attorney is killed in a cute little L.A. trolley called Angels Flight, far from Harry Bosch's Hollywood turf. But the case is so explosive and the dead man's enemies inside the L.A.P.D. are so numerous that it falls to Harry to solve it. Now the streets are superheating. Harry's year old Vegas marriage is unraveling. And the hunt for a killer is leading Harry to another high profile L.A. murder case, one where every cop had a motive. The question is, did any have the guts?"
"The Black Echo Harry Bosch 1 Harry Bosch Universe 1 by Michael Connelly Dick Hill. An LAPD homicide detective must choose between justice and vengeance as he teams up with the FBI in this thrilling novel filled with mystery and adventure New York Times Book Review . For maverick LAPD homicide detective Harry Bosch, the body in the drainpipe at Mulholland Dam is more than another anonymous statistic. This one is personal . . . because the murdered man was a fellow Vietnam tunnel rat who had fought side by side with him in a hellish underground war. Now Bosch is about to relive the horror of Nam. From a dangerous maze of blind alleys to a daring criminal heist beneath the city, his survival instincts will once again be tested to their limit. Pitted against enemies inside his own department and forced to make the agonizing choice between justice and vengeance, Bosch goes on the hunt for a killer whose true face will shock him."
"The Closers Harry Bosch 11 Harry Bosch Universe 14 by Michael Connelly Len Cariou. In this 1 New York Times bestseller, Detective Harry Bosch joins LA's elite Open Unsolved Unit to help piece together the mysterious death of a teenage girl. He walked away from the job three years ago. But Harry Bosch cannot resist the call to join the elite Open Unsolved Unit. His mission solve murders whose investigations were flawed, stalled, or abandoned to L.A.'s tides of crime. With some people openly rooting for his failure, Harry catches the case of a teenager dragged off to her death on Oat Mountain, and traces the DNA on the murder weapon to a small time criminal. But something bigger and darker beckons, and Harry must battle to fit all the pieces together. Shaking cages and rattling ghosts, he will push the rules to the limit and expose the kind of truth that shatters lives, ends careers, and keeps the dead whispering in the night . . ."
"Echo Park Harry Bosch 12 Harry Bosch Universe 16 by Michael Connelly Len Cariou. In 1993 Marie Gesto disappeared after walking out of a supermarket in Hollywood. Fearing the worst, the case was elevated by LAPD commanders from the Missing Persons squad to the Homicide Division, where Harry Bosch was assigned the case, but the 22 year old woman never turned up dead or alive."
The Poet Jack McEvoy 1 Harry Bosch Universe 5 by Michael Connelly Buck Schirner. No description available
"The Concrete Blonde Harry Bosch 3 by Michael Connelly Dick Hill. The Dollmaker was the name of the serial killer who had stalked Los Angeles ruthlessly, leaving grisly calling cards on the faces of his female victims. Now with a single faultless shot, Detective Harry Bosch thinks he has ended the city's nightmare. But the dead man's widow is suing Harry and the LAPD for killing the wrong man an accusation that rings terrifyingly true when a new victim is discovered with the Dollmaker's macabre signature. So for the second time, Harry must hunt down a death dealer who is very much alive, before he strikes again. It's a blood tracked quest that will take Harry from the hard edges of the L.A. night to the last place he ever wanted to go the darkness of his own heart. With The Concrete Blonde, Edgar Award winning author Michael Connelly has hit a whole new level in his career, creating a breathtaking thriller that thrusts you into a blistering courtroom battle and a desperate search for a sadistic killer."
The Best American Mystery Stories 2003 by Michael Connelly Otto Penzler. No description available
Hundred Dollar Baby Spenser 34 by Robert B. Parker Joe Mantegna. No description available
"The Spenser Collection Volume I Spenser 27 28 by Robert B. Parker Joe Mantegna. The first comprehensive study of the eighteenth century response to the Elizabethan poet Edmund Spenser, from editions to influence."
School Days Spenser 33 by Robert B. Parker Joe Mantegna. No description available
"Potshot Spenser 28 by Robert B. Parker Joe Mantegna. Boston P.I. Spenser returns heading west to the rich man s haven of Potshot, Arizona, a former mining town reborn as a paradise for Los Angeles millionaires looking for a place to escape the pressures of their high flying lifestyles. Potshot overcame its rough reputation as a rendezvous for old time mountain men who lived off the land, thanks to a healthy infusion of new blood and even newer money. But when this western idyll is threatened by a local gang a twenty first century posse of desert rats, misfits, drunks, and scavengers the local police seem powerless. Led by a charismatic individual known only as The Preacher, this motley band of thieves selectively exploits the town, nurturing it as a source of wealth while systematically robbing the residents blind. Enter Spenser, who has been hired by the comely Mary Lou Buckman to investigate the murder of her husband. The Buckmans, a pair of L.A. transplants, moved to Potshot and started a modest outdoor tour service. It is Mary Lou s belief that when her husband refused to pay The Preacher and his men protection money he was killed. Without any witnesses, Spenser has little to go on, and it s clear the local police chief won t be doing much to help. Calling on his own cadre of tried and true cohorts, including Vinnie Morris, Bobby Horse, Chollo, Bernard J. Fortunato, Tedy Sapp and the redoubtable Hawk, Spenser must find a way to beat the gang at their own dangerous game."
Chance Spenser 23 by Robert B. Parker Burt Reynolds. Mafia princess Shirley Meeker wants her husband back. So does her father the kingpin and a few other shady characters. Spenser and hawk head to Vegas to find Anthony Meeker and to confirm their suspicion that all these people aren't just missing Anthony's smile. And Spenser has to make some sense of some very disorganized crime...
The Accidental Time Machine by Joe Haldeman. No description available
A Separate War and Other Stories by Joe Haldeman Connie Willis. No description available
The Forever War The Forever War 1 by Joe Haldeman. Private William Mandella hadn't wanted to go to war against the Taurans .... p. 4 of cover.
Worlds Enough and Time Worlds 3 by Joe Haldeman. No description available
The Coming by Joe Haldeman. No description available
Forever Peace The Forever War 2 by Joe Haldeman. 2043 A.D. The Ngumi War rages. A burned out soldier and his scientist lover discover a secret that could put the universe back to square one. And it is not terrifying. It is tempting...
Dealing in Futures by Joe Haldeman. No description available
Study War No More A Selection of Alternatives by Joe Haldeman William Nabors Harry Harrison Damon Knight Harlan Ellison Ben Bova Poul Anderson Isaac Asimov Mack Reynolds Alec Effinger. No description available
Not of Woman Born by Constance Ash Nina Kiriki Hoffman Patricia A. McKillip Walter Jon Williams Debra Doyle James D. Macdonald Kara Dalkey Michael Armstrong Richard Parks Sage Walker Susan Palwick William F. Wu Jack McDevitt Janni Lee Simner Robert Silverberg. No description available
Worlds Apart Worlds 2 by Joe Haldeman. No description available
Train man Volume 3 Train man by Hidenori Hara Hitori Nakano. No description available
The Best American Mystery Stories 2004 by Nelson DeMille Otto Penzler. No description available
Mystic River by Dennis Lehane. No description available
Coronado Stories by Dennis Lehane. No description available
Prayers for Rain Kenzie Gennaro 5 by Dennis Lehane. No description available
A Drink Before the War Kenzie Gennaro 1 by Dennis Lehane. No description available
Shutter Island by Dennis Lehane. No description available
The Best American Mystery Stories 2002 by James Ellroy Otto Penzler John Biguenet Michael Connelly Thomas H. Cook Sean Doolittle Brendan DuBois David Edgerley Gates Joe Gores James Grady Clark Howard Stuart M. Kaminsky Joe R. Lansdale Michael Malone Annette Meyers Joyce Carol Oates Robert B. Parker F.X. Toole Daniel Waterman Scott Wolven Fred Melton. No description available
"The Black Dahlia L.A. Quartet 1 by James Ellroy. The highly acclaimed novel based on America's most infamous unsolved murder case. Dive into 1940s Los Angeles as two cops spiral out of control in their hunt for The Black Dahlia's killer in this powerful thriller that is brutal and at the same time believable New York Times . On January 15, 1947, the torture ravished body of a beautiful young woman is found in a Los Angeles vacant lot. The victim makes headlines as the Black Dahlia and so begins the greatest manhunt in California history. Caught up in the investigation are Bucky Bleichert and Lee Blanchard Warrants Squad cops, friends, and rivals in love with the same woman. But both are obsessed with the Dahlia driven by dark needs to know everything about her past, to capture her killer, to possess the woman even in death. Their quest will take them on a hellish journey through the underbelly of postwar Hollywood, to the core of the dead girl's twisted life, past the extremes of their own psyches into a region of total madness."
The Black Dahlia Files The Mob the Mogul and the Murder That Transfixed Los Angeles by Donald H. Wolfe. No description available
Corroborating Evidence The Black Dahlia Murder by William T. Rasmussen. No description available
Childhood Shadows The Hidden Story of the Black Dahlia Murder by Mary Pacios. No description available
Triptych Will Trent 1 by Karin Slaughter. No description available
Blindsighted Grant County 1 by Karin Slaughter. No description available
"Kisscut Grant County 2 by Karin Slaughter. Gillian Flynn says, Karin Slaughter is simply one of the best thriller writers working today. Saturday night dates at the skating rink have long been a tradition in the small southern town of Heartsdale, but when a teenage quarrel explodes into a deadly shoot out, medical examiner Sara Linton and police chief Jeffrey Tolliver find themselves entangled in a terrible tragedy. Then a young girl is abducted, and it becomes clear that the first death is linked to an even more brutal crime, one more shocking than anyone could have imagined. Meanwhile, Detective Lena Adams, recovering from a staggering personal loss, finds herself drawn to a young man who might hold the answers. But unless Lena, Sara, and Jeffrey can uncover the dark truth, someone will die again. Mercilessly suspenseful, utterly moving, this is a searing thriller from one of the world's most talented suspense writers."
Beyond Reach Grant County 6 by Karin Slaughter. No description available
"A Faint Cold Fear Grant County 3 by Karin Slaughter. A suicide on a college campus. A tragic case with a simple resolution. But for medical examiner Sara Linton, it just does not add up. When two more suspicious deaths follow and a young woman is brutally attacked, it soon becomes clear that she is looking for a murderer. The college authorities are reluctant to cooperate and Sara isn't any closer to finding the answers she needs. With the violence triggering memories of a past she would rather forget and the clues pointing ever closer to home, can she uncover the truth in time to save the next victim? Crime and thriller masters know there's nothing better than a little Slaughter 'I would follow her anywhere' GILLIAN FLYNN 'One of the boldest thriller writers working today' TESS GERRITSEN 'Her characters, plot, and pacing are unrivalled' MICHAEL CONNELLY 'Passion, intensity, and humanity' LEE CHILD 'A writer of extraordinary talents' KATHY REICHS 'Fiction does not get any better than this' JEFFERY DEAVER 'A great writer at the peak of her powers' PETER JAMES 'Raw, powerful and utterly gripping!' KATHRYN STOCKETT 'With heart and skill Karin Slaughter keeps you hooked from the first page until the very last. . .' CAMILLA LACKBERG 'Amongst the world's greatest and finest crime writers' YRSA SIGUR ARD TTIR"
Faithless Grant County 5 by Karin Slaughter. No description available
Like A Charm by Karin Slaughter Peter Robinson John Connolly Denise Mina Mark Billingham. No description available
Like a Charm by Karin Slaughter Denise Mina John Harvey Kelley Armstrong John Connolly Emma Donoghue Jane Haddam Laura Lippman Peter Robinson Fidelis Morgan Peter Moore Smith Lynda La Plante Jerrilyn Farmer Lee Child Mark Billingham. No description available
"The Enemy Jack Reacher 8 by Lee Child Dick Hill. Don t miss the hit streaming series Reacher! THE 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLING JACK REACHER SERIES A thriller that gallops at a breakneck pace. Chicago Sun Times Jack Reacher. Hero. Loner. Soldier. Soldier s son. An elite military cop, he was one of the army s brightest stars. But in every cop s life there is one case that changes everything. For Jack Reacher, this is that case. New Year s Day, 1990. In a North Carolina motel, a two star general is found dead. His briefcase is missing. Nobody knows what was in it. Within minutes Reacher has his orders Control the situation. Within hours the general s wife is murdered. Then the dominoes really start to fall. Somewhere inside the vast worldwide fortress that is the U.S. Army, Reacher is being set up as a fall guy with the worst enemies a man can have. But Reacher won t quit. He s fighting a new kind of war against an enemy he didn t know he had. And against a conspiracy more chilling, ingenious, and treacherous than anyone could have guessed. The Enemy, like most of the books in the Jack Reacher series, can be read as a standalone thriller."
"The Visitor Jack Reacher 4 by Lee Child Hayward Morse Garrick Hagon. Sergeant Amy Callan and Lieutenant Caroline Cook have a lot in common. They're both army career women, they're both victims of sexual harrassment by their superiors, they're both forced to resign from the service. And now they're both dead. Only Jack Reacher can discover their killer. Publisher's description."
"Tripwire Jack Reacher 3 by Lee Child Dick Hill. Jack Reacher hunts the hunter in the third novel in Lee Child s 1 New York Times bestselling series. DON'T MISS REACHER ON PRIME VIDEO! Ex military policeman Jack Reacher is enjoying the lazy anonymity of Key West when a stranger shows up asking for him. He s got a lot of questions. Reacher does too, especially after the guy turns up dead. The answers lead Reacher on a cold trail back to New York, to the tenuous confidence of an alluring woman, and the dangerous corners of his own past."
"Killing Floor Jack Reacher 1 by Lee Child Dick Hill. THE FIRST NOVEL IN LEE CHILD'S 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLING JACK REACHER SERIES NOW AN ORIGINAL SERIES ON PRIME VIDEO! From its jolting opening scene to its fiery final confrontation, Killing Floor is irresistible. People Ex military policeman Jack Reacher is a drifter. He s just passing through Margrave, Georgia, and in less than an hour, he s arrested for murder. Not much of a welcome. All Reacher knows is that he didn t kill anybody. At least not here. Not lately. But he doesn t stand a chance of convincing anyone. Not in Margrave, Georgia. Not a chance in hell."
"Without Fail Jack Reacher 6 by Lee Child Dick Hill. Jack Reacher takes aim at the White House in the sixth novel in Lee Child s 1 New York Times bestselling series. DON'T MISS REACHER ON PRIME VIDEO! Skilled, cautious, and anonymous, Jack Reacher is perfect for the job to assassinate the vice president of the United States. Theoretically, of course. A female Secret Service agent wants Reacher to find the holes in her system, and fast because a covert group already has the vice president in their sights. They ve planned well. There s just one thing they didn t plan on Reacher."
"One Shot Jack Reacher 9 by Lee Child Dick Hill. Ex military investigator Jack Reacher is called in by James Barr, a man accused of a lethal sniper attack that leaves five people dead, and teams up with a young defense attorney to find an unseen enemy who is manipulating events."
"Bad Luck and Trouble Jack Reacher 11 by Lee Child. From the first shocking scenes in Child's explosive new novel, Jack Reacher is plunged into the heart of a conspiracy that is killing old friends and is on its way to becoming something even worse."
"The Enemy Jack Reacher 8 by Lee Child. Don t miss the hit streaming series Reacher! THE 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLING JACK REACHER SERIES A thriller that gallops at a breakneck pace. Chicago Sun Times Jack Reacher. Hero. Loner. Soldier. Soldier s son. An elite military cop, he was one of the army s brightest stars. But in every cop s life there is one case that changes everything. For Jack Reacher, this is that case. New Year s Day, 1990. In a North Carolina motel, a two star general is found dead. His briefcase is missing. Nobody knows what was in it. Within minutes Reacher has his orders Control the situation. Within hours the general s wife is murdered. Then the dominoes really start to fall. Somewhere inside the vast worldwide fortress that is the U.S. Army, Reacher is being set up as a fall guy with the worst enemies a man can have. But Reacher won t quit. He s fighting a new kind of war against an enemy he didn t know he had. And against a conspiracy more chilling, ingenious, and treacherous than anyone could have guessed. The Enemy, like most of the books in the Jack Reacher series, can be read as a standalone thriller."
"The Visitor Jack Reacher 4 by Lee Child Hayward Morse. Sergeant Amy Callan and Lieutenant Caroline Cook have a lot in common. They're both army career women, they're both victims of sexual harrassment by their superiors, they're both forced to resign from the service. And now they're both dead. Only Jack Reacher can discover their killer. Publisher's description."
"Echo Burning Jack Reacher 5 by Lee Child. Jack Reacher finds trouble in Texas in the fifth novel in Lee Child s 1 New York Times bestselling series. DON'T MISS REACHER ON PRIME VIDEO! Thumbing across the scorched Texas desert, Jack Reacher has nowhere to go and all the time in the world to get there. Cruising the same stretch of two lane blacktop is Carmen Greer. For Reacher, the lift comes with a hitch. Carmen s got a wild story to tell all about her husband, her family secrets, and a hometown that s purely gothic. She s also got a plan. Reacher s part of it. And before the sun sets, this ride could cost them both their lives."
Blood on the Moon The Assassination of Abraham Lincoln by Edward Steers Jr.. No description available
The Blood of the Moon Understanding the Historic Struggle Between Islam and Western Civilization by George Grant. No description available
Blood on the Moon Lloyd Hopkins 1 by James Ellroy. No description available
Blood Moon Over Bengal by Morag McKendrick Pippin. No description available
Blood Moon Over Britain by Morag McKendrick Pippin. No description available
The Silent Gondoliers by William Goldman. No description available
The Season A Candid Look at Broadway by William Goldman. No description available
Heat by William Goldman. No description available
Tinsel by William Goldman. No description available
William Goldman Four Screenplays by William Goldman. No description available
The Princess Bride by William Goldman. No description available
Hype and Glory by William Goldman P. Gethers. No description available
La princesa prometida by William Goldman. No description available
Boys and Girls Together by William Goldman. No description available
Wait Till Next Year The Story of a Season When What Should've Happened Didn't and What Could've Gone Wrong Did by William Goldman Mike Lupica. No description available
The Princess Bride S. Morgenstern's Classic Tale of True Love and High Adventure by William Goldman. No description available
Creepers by David Morrell. No description available
The Totem by David Morrell. No description available
The League of Night and Fog Mortalis 3 by David Morrell. No description available
Scavenger Frank Balenger 2 by David Morrell. No description available
"The Fraternity of the Stone Mortalis 2 by David Morrell. Drew MacLane is a star agent in Scalpel, a clandestine, government sanctioned organization named for its purpose precise surgical removal. Assassination. Then MacLane decides to stop killing. He withdraws from the operation and retreats to a monastery, where for six years he lives the life of a hermit. But then someone tracks him down, leaving a trail of bodies. Someone who knows all about him and will stop at nothing to destroy him. In this novel of thrilling suspense, a former killer is drawn back into that electrifying world where no one is as he seems and where life s most horrifying, harrowing game is played."
"The Brotherhood of the Rose Mortalis 1 by David Morrell. They were orphans, Chris and Saul raised in a Philadelphia school for boys, bonded by friendship, and devoted to a mysterious man called Eliot. He visited them and brought them candy. He treated them like sons. He trained them to be assassins. Now he is trying desperately to have them killed. Spanning the globe and full of heart stopping action, The Brotherhood of the Rose is an astonishing novel of fierce loyalty and violent betrayal, of murders planned and coolly executed, of revenge bitterly, urgently desired."
The Protector Cavanaugh 1 by David Morrell. No description available
Assumed Identity by David Morrell. No description available
Double Image by David Morrell. No description available
La Cinqui me profession by David Morrell. No description available
The Last Kingdom The Saxon Stories 1 by Bernard Cornwell Jamie Glover. No description available
The Last Kingdom The Saxon Stories 1 by Bernard Cornwell Tom Sellwood. No description available
"Time To Hunt Bob Lee Swagger 3 by Stephen Hunter Beau Bridges. Stephen Hunter is in a class by himself. Time to Hunt is as vivid and haunting as a moving target in the crosshairs of a sniper scope. Nelson Demille, author of Mayday He is the most dangerous man alive. He only wants to live in peace with his family, and forget the war that nearly killed him. . . . It's not going to happen. Stephen Hunter's epic national bestsellers, Point of Impact and Black Light, introduced millions of readers to Bob Lee Swagger, called Bob the Nailer, a heroic but flawed Vietnam War veteran forced twice to use his skills as a master sniper to defend his life and his honor. Now, in his grandest, most intensely thrilling adventure yet, Bob the Nailer must face his deadliest foe from Vietnam and his own demons to save his wife and daughter. During the latter days of the Vietnam War, deep in country, a young idealistic Marine named Donny Fenn was cut down by a sniper's bullet as he set out on patrol with Swagger, who himself received a grievous wound. Years later Swagger married Donny's widow, Julie, and together they raise their daughter, Nikki, on a ranch in the isolated Sawtooth Mountains in Idaho. Although he struggles with the painful legacy of Vietnam, Swagger's greatest wish to leave his violent past behind and live quietly with his family seems to have come true. Then one idyllic day, a man, a woman, and a girl set out from the ranch on horseback. High on a ridge above a mountain pass, a thousand yards distant, a calm, cold eyed shooter, one of the world's greatest marksmen, peers through a telescopic sight at the three approaching figures. Out of his tortured past, a mortal enemy has once again found Bob the Nailer. Time to Hunt proves anew why so many consider Stephen Hunter to be our best living thriller writer. With a plot that sweeps from the killing fields of Vietnam to the corridors of power in Washington to the shadowy plots of the new world order, Hunter delivers all the complex, stay up all night action his fans demand in a masterful tale of family heartbreak and international intrigue and shows why, for Bob Lee Swagger, it's once again time to hunt. Praise for Time to Hunt Stephen Hunter is simply the best writer of action fiction in the world and Time to Hunt proves it. Phillip Margolin, author of The Burning Man The best straight up thriller writer at work today. Rocky Mountain News"
"Black Light Bob Lee Swagger 2 by Stephen Hunter Beau Bridges. Weaving together characters from the best selling Point of Impact and Dirty White Boys, a gripping thriller builds to an exhilarating climax with an explosion of gunfire that blasts open the secrets of two generations. Reprint."
The Day Before Midnight by Stephen Hunter Philip Bosco. No description available
"Hot Springs Earl Swagger 1 by Stephen Hunter Jay O. Sanders. Earl Swagger is tough as hell. But even tough guys have their secrets. Plagued by the memory of his abusive father, apprehensive about his own impending parenthood, Earl is a decorated ex Marine of absolute integrity and overwhelming melancholy. Now he s about to face his biggest, bloodiest challenge yet. It is the summer of 1946, organized crime s garish golden age, when American justice seems to have gone to seed for good. Nowhere is this truer than in Hot Springs, Arkansas, the reigning capital of corruption. When the district attorney vows to bring down the mob, Earl is recruited to run the show. As casino raids erupt into nerve shattering combat amid screaming prostitutes and fleeing johns, the body count mounts along with the suspense. pg 4 of cover."
"Point Of Impact Bob Lee Swagger 1 by Stephen Hunter Beau Bridges. A harsh, visceral, novel of conspiracy and betrayal . . . a distrubing mix that plays on our sense of history while at the same time it appeals to our darkest fantasies of rough justice. Chicago Tribune The inspiration for the USA Network series Shooter He was one the best Marine snipers in Vietnam. Today, twenty years later, disgruntled hero of an unheroic war, all Bob Lee Swagger wants to be left alone and to leave the killing behind. But with consummate psychological skill, a shadowy military organization seduces Bob into leaving his beloved Arkansas hills for one last mission for his country, unaware until too late that the game is rigged. The assassination plot is executed to perfection until Bob Lee Swagger, alleged lone gunman, comes out of the operation alive, the target of a nationwide manhunt, his only allies a woman he just met and a discredited FBI agent. Now Bob Lee Swagger is on the run, using his lethal skills once more but this time to track down the men who set him up and to break a dark conspiracy aimed at the very heart of America."
Dirty White Boys by Stephen Hunter Will Patten. No description available
Bevor es Nacht wird. Ein Leben in Havanna by Reinaldo Arenas. No description available
"The Book of the Dead Pendergast 7 Diogenes 3 by Douglas Preston Lincoln Child Scott Brick. Can FBI Special Agent Pendergast stop a cursed Egyptian tomb from terrorizing New York City or will he stay trapped in a maximum security prison, punished for a murder he didn't commit? An FBI agent, rotting away in a high security prison for a murder he did not commit... His brilliant, psychotic brother, about to perpetrate a horrific crime... A young woman with an extrodinary past, on th edge of a violent breakdown... An ancient Egyptian tomb with an enigmatic curse, about to be unveiled at a celebrity studded New York gala... Memento Mori"
"Relic Pendergast 1 by Douglas Preston Lincoln Child. This discounted ebundle of the Pendergast Files from Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child includes Relic and Reliquary Relic Just days before a massive exhibition opens at the popular New York Museum of Natural History, visitors are being savagely murdered in the museum's dark hallways and secret rooms. Autopsies indicate that the killer cannot be human... Reliquary When two grotesquely deformed skeletons are found deep in the mud off the Manhattan shoreline, museum curator Margo Green is called in to aid the investigation. Margo must once again team up with police lieutenant D'Agosta and FBI agent Pendergast, as well as the brilliant Dr. Frock, to try and solve the puzzle. Books by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child The Pendergast Series Relic Reliquary Other books Mount Dragon Books by Douglas Preston The Kraken Project Impact Blasphemy The Monster of Florence The Codex Jennie At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
"The Wheel of Darkness Pendergast 8 by Douglas Preston Lincoln Child. A breathtaking adventure from the hottest names in US thriller writing. Perched like a black crow on a crag in the most hostile depths of the Himalayas stands a monastery. For a thousand years the monks have kept guard. Now their sanctum has been violated, the secret carried off. After a millennium of hiding from the world, the guardians of the treasure will have to turn to an outsider for help. Luckily Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast is no stranger. Having trained body and mind in Tibet, he knows the land well. But neither he nor his ward, Constance, are prepared for the truth about what the monks have been protecting. The pursuit of the stolen artefact takes Pendergast and Constance far from the snowy wastes, to where the largest ever ocean liner is preparing for her maiden voyage. As Pendergast and Constance board, they know they are joined by a cargo of secrets and murderers. As the ship slips into the night, it becomes a deadly race to recover the secret of the monks, or blackness to threaten to fall not just over the ship, but the wider world... A stunning dance of death and mystery, THE WHEEL OF DARKNESS takes the most unusual investigator around on his most thrilling mission yet..."
Tyrannosaur Canyon by Douglas Preston Scott Sowers. No description available
Waterworks by E.L. Doctorow Sam Waterston. No description available
The Devil in the White City Murder Magic and Madness at the Fair That Changed America by Erik Larson Tony Goldwyn. No description available
King Icahn by Mark Stevens Carol Bloom Stevens. No description available
The Sicilian by Mario Puzo. No description available
The Dark Arena by Mario Puzo. No description available
Omerta by Mario Puzo. No description available
Fools Die by Mario Puzo. No description available
The Godfather by Mario Puzo Peter Bart Robert Thompson. No description available
The Fortunate Pilgrim by Mario Puzo. No description available
"On the Road to Perdition Oasis Sanctuary and Detour Road to Perdition 2 by Max Allan Collins Jos Luis Garc a L pez Steve Lieber Josef Rubinstein Rob Leigh Bob Lappan. These thrilling tales are set during the six month period in which Michael O Sullivan and his son were on the run. In Oaisis, Michael Jr. contracts a life threatening illness, forcing him to hide out in an oasis of tranquility. The story continues in Sanctuary, as the O Sullivans seek a hiding place from the vicious bounty hunters on their trail. And in Detour, Michael O Sullivan is headed for a showdown with the murderous kingpin s heir whose history and destiny is completely entangled with his own!"
Oasis On the Road to Perdition 1 by Max Allan Collins Steve Lieber Josef Rubinstein Rob Leigh Jos Luis Garc a L pez Bob Lappan. No description available
Double Dealer CSI Crime Scene Investigation 1 by Max Allan Collins Mike Flaherty. No description available
The London Blitz Murders Disaster Series 5 by Max Allan Collins. No description available
"The Last Quarry Quarry 7 by Max Allan Collins. QUARRY'S BACK FOR HIS TOUGHEST JOB EVER. The ruthless professional killer known as Quarry long ago disappeared into a well earned retirement. But now a media magnate has lured the restless hitman into tackling one last lucrative assignment. The target is an unlikely one Why, Quarry wonders, would anyone want a beautiful young librarian dead? And why in hell does he care? On the 30th anniversary of the enigmatic assassin's first appearance, bestselling author Max Allan Collins brings him back for a dark and deadly mission where the last quarry may turn out to be Quarry himself."
Snake Eyes CSI Crime Scene Investigation 8 by Max Allan Collins. No description available
"A Killing in Comics Jack Maggie Starr 1 by Max Allan Collins Terry Beatty. A former striptease artist runs a newspaper syndicate's distribution of a superhero comic. When her publisher is murdered, she hunts for the killer among minions of a different sort of syndicate."
The War of the Worlds Murder Disaster Series 6 by Max Allan Collins. No description available
From a Buick 8 by Stephen King. No description available
The Michael Crichton Collection Jurassic Park The Lost World The Andromeda Strain by Michael Crichton Chris Noth Anthony Heald. No description available
Jurassic Park by Michael Crichton. No description available
Binary by John Lange. No description available
Un train d'or pour la Crim e by Michael Crichton. No description available
The Voices of Morebath Reformation and Rebellion in an English Village by Eamon Duffy. No description available
Imperial Life in the Emerald City Inside Iraq's Green Zone by Rajiv Chandrasekaran. No description available
Betrayal of Trust The Collapse of Global Public Health by Laurie Garrett Steven M. Wolinsky. No description available
Crash Proof How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse by Peter D. Schiff John Downes. No description available
The World the Text and the Critic by Edward W. Said. No description available
Culture and Imperialism by Edward W. Said. No description available
La econom a Long Tail by Chris Anderson Federico Villegas Silva Lezama. No description available
Prioritizing Web Usability by Jakob Nielsen Hoa Loranger. No description available
Homepage Usability 50 Websites Deconstructed by Jakob Nielsen Marie Tahir. No description available
Let My People Go Surfing The Education of a Reluctant Businessman by Yvon Chouinard. No description available
And Then There Were None by Agatha Christie Hugh Fraser. No description available
The Wild Trees A Story of Passion and Daring by Richard Preston. No description available
The Boat of Dreams A Christmas Story by Richard Preston George Henry Jennings. No description available
Strange Pilgrims by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. No description available
Doce cuentos peregrinos by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. No description available
"Would I Lie to You Gossip Girl 10 by Cecily von Ziegesar. For use in schools and libraries only. The girls head down to the Hamptons for the summer where they enjoy partying, dating, and new experiences."
Gossip Girl Gossip Girl 1 by Cecily von Ziegesar. No description available
"All I Want is Everything Gossip Girl 3 by Cecily von Ziegesar. Chronicles the activities of two friends, Serena and Blair, and a group of wealthy students from exclusive private schools in Manhattan during Christmas break of their senior year."
You're the One That I Want Gossip Girl 6 by Cecily von Ziegesar. No description available
The Zero by Jess Walter. No description available
Zero The Biography of a Dangerous Idea by Charles Seife. No description available
Zero Debt The Ultimate Guide to Financial Freedom by Lynnette Khalfani. No description available
The Hunt for Zero Point Inside the Classified World of Antigravity Technology by Nick Cook. No description available
Year Zero by Jeff Long. No description available
"Count Zero Sprawl 2 by William Gibson. In the future world of the Sprawl, an urban complex that extends from Boston to Houston, a sentient computer data base known as the Cyberspace matrix dominates humanity's fate"
"Triple Zero Star Wars Republic Commando 2 by Karen Traviss. Dive into the epic series featuring the brave warriors of Omega Squad an elite team of clone commandos fighting to protect the Galactic Republic. Following the eruption of the bloody Clone Wars at the battle of Geonosis, both sides remain deadlocked in a stalemate that can be broken only by elite warrior teams like Omega Squad, clone commandos with terrifying combat skills and a lethal arsenal. For Omega Squad, deployed deep behind enemy lines, it s the same old special ops grind sabotage, espionage, ambush, and assassination. But when Omega Squad is rushed to Coruscant, the war s most dangerous new hotspot, the commandos discover they re not the only ones penetrating the heart of the enemy. A surge in Separatist attacks has been traced to a network of cells in the Republic s capital, masterminded by a mole in Command Headquarters. To identify and destroy a Separatist spy and terror network in a city full of civilians will require special talents and skills. Not even the leadership of Jedi generals, along with the assistance of Delta Squad and a certain notorious ARC trooper, can even the odds against the Republic Commandos. And while success may not bring victory in the Clone Wars, failure means certain defeat."
Bravo Two Zero by Andy McNab. No description available
This Lullaby by Sarah Dessen. No description available
Lullabies for Little Criminals by Heather O'Neill. No description available
Hush! A Thai Lullaby by Minfong Ho Holly Meade. No description available
"Lullaby Town Elvis Cole 3 by Robert Crais. Reissue of the third Elvis Cole novel from the bestselling author of THE WATCHMAN. Peter Alan Nelsen is a super successful movie director who is used to getting what he wants. And what he wants now is to find the wife and infant child he dumped on the road to fame. It's the kind of case that Cole could handle in his sleep, except that when Cole actually finds Nelsen's ex wife, everything takes on nightmarish proportions a nightmare which involves Cole with a nasty New York mob family and a psycho killer who is the son of the godfather. And when the unpredictable Nelsen charges in, an explosive situation blows sky high."
The Iliad SparkNotes Literature Guides by SparkNotes Homer. No description available
The Iliad by Homer. No description available
"The Princess Bride Long Tall Texans 15 by Diana Palmer. BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU WISH FOR... He was everything Tiffany Blair wanted. He was danger. He was love...and she was meant to spend forever with him. Trouble was, Kingman Marshall insisted marriage was for fools. But for better, for worse, Tiffany vowed she'd walk down the aisle as King's bride."
The Sultan's Bought Bride Princess Brides 1 by Jane Porter. No description available
"The Sheik the Princess Bride Desert Rogues 8 by Susan Mallery. Diana Mayo is young, beautiful, wealthy and independent. Bored by the eligible bachelors and endless parties of the English aristocracy, she arranges for a horseback trek through the Algerian desert. Two days into her adventure, Diana is kidnapped by the"
"The Prince Kidnaps a Bride Lost Princesses 3 by Christina Dodd. THE VENGEFUL GROOM Betrothed to the son of her father s Spanish friend, Mistress Deborah Stirling is taken captive by a roguish privateer. Nicholas, Marquis de Vere, has vowed vengeance on her future husband, and plans to use Deborah to lure the murderous Spaniard from his hiding place. Revenge was never so sweet or so tempting . At first furious, Deborah soon finds herself unable to resist her handsome captor s charms. Swept away by their passion, she can t help but fall in love. But what if it s a lie? Could it be part of Nicholas s revenge to seduce her, then be rid of her?"
"Stargirl Stargirl 1 by Jerry Spinelli. ONE OF TIME MAGAZINE S 100 BEST YA BOOKS OF ALL TIME NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER A modern day classic from Newbery Medalist Jerry Spinelli, this beloved celebration of individuality is now an original movie on Disney ! And don't miss the author's highly anticipated new novel, Dead Wednesday! Stargirl. From the day she arrives at quiet Mica High in a burst of color and sound, the hallways hum with the murmur of Stargirl, Stargirl. She captures Leo Borlock s heart with just one smile. She sparks a school spirit revolution with just one cheer. The students of Mica High are enchanted. At first. Then they turn on her. Stargirl is suddenly shunned for everything that makes her different, and Leo, panicked and desperate with love, urges her to become the very thing that can destroy her normal. In this celebration of nonconformity, Newbery Medalist Jerry Spinelli weaves a tense, emotional tale about the perils of popularity and the thrill and inspiration of first love. Don t miss the sequel, Love, Stargirl, as well as The Warden s Daughter, a novel about another girl who can't help but stand out. Spinelli is a poet of the prepubescent. . . . No writer guides his young characters, and his readers, past these pitfalls and challenges and toward their futures with more compassion. The New York Times"
Love Stargirl Stargirl 2 by Jerry Spinelli. No description available
Stargirl LitPlans on CD by Mary B. Collins. No description available
Son of the Mob Son of the Mob 1 by Gordon Korman. No description available
"Hollywood Hustle Son of the Mob 2 by Gordon Korman. The fast paced, funny sequel to the best selling Son of the Mob. Vince Luca is in heaven . . . he's off to Los Angeles, to attend the University of Santa Monica's film school. College should be fantastic, and he is more thrilled about being 3,000 miles away from his mob family. As it turns out, college brings its own problems from other film students moving in on his girl, to a kleptomaniac roommate, to having to get a job on campus to help pay tuition. It's a fair amount to handle, though nothing Vince couldn't easily manage if he didn't keep finding himself with unexpected guests from the East Coast. It seems Vince's dad may just be ready to expand operations to L.A. With the popularity of shows such as The Sopranos, the mafia is a topic of intrigue for young adults. The fast paced plot, hilarious dialogue and Korman's keen understanding of teen issues, made this a bestseller and a critical success."
For the Sins of My Father A Mafia Killer His Son and the Legacy of a Mob Life by Albert Demeo Mary Jane Ross. No description available
El ojo de fuego by Lewis Perdue. No description available
Neptune Noir Unauthorized Investigations into Veronica Mars by Rob Thomas Leah Wilson Heather Havrilesky Amy Berner Lynne Edwards John Ramos Alafair Burke Chris McCubbin Lawrence Watt Evans Lani Diane Rich Geoff Klock Judy Fitzwater Evelyn Vaughn Joyce Millman Amanda Ann Klein Kristen Kidder Jesse Hassenger Gwen Ellery Misty Hook Samantha Bornemann. No description available
The Soloist by Nicholas Christopher. No description available
Kenang Kenangan Seorang Geisha Memoirs of a Geisha by Arthur Golden. No description available
Survivor by Chuck Palahniuk. No description available
Diary by Chuck Palahniuk. No description available
Rant by Chuck Palahniuk. No description available
Clown Girl by Monica Drake Chuck Palahniuk. No description available
Choke by Chuck Palahniuk. No description available
Haunted by Chuck Palahniuk. No description available
Fugitives and Refugees A Walk in Portland Oregon by Chuck Palahniuk. No description available
Haunted by Chuck Palahniuk Erik Darling Arthur Morey Scott Brick Lorna Raver Marc Cashman Kimberly Farr Renee Randman. No description available
Nonfiction by Chuck Palahniuk. No description available
Survivant by Chuck Palahniuk Freddy Michalski. No description available
Fantasmas by Chuck Palahniuk Javier Calvo. No description available
Error humano by Chuck Palahniuk Javier Calvo. No description available
Life After God by Douglas Coupland. No description available
City of Glass Douglas Coupland's Vancouver by Douglas Coupland. No description available
Terry Terry Fox and His Marathon of Hope by Douglas Coupland. No description available
All Families Are Psychotic by Douglas Coupland. No description available
Shampoo Planet by Douglas Coupland. No description available
All Tomorrow's Parties Bridge 3 by William Gibson. No description available
"Spook Country Blue Ant 2 by William Gibson. Multilingual Tito engages in sensitive information transfers from his single room apartment, while journalist Hollis frets over her start up magazine's censure of its own promotions, and prescription drug addict Milgrim wonders about the military connections of an enigmatic benefactor. Reprint."
"Burning Chrome Sprawl 0 by William Gibson Bruce Sterling Jonathan Davis Dennis Holland Kevin Pariseau Victor Bevine Jay Snyder Brian Nishil L.J. Ganser Oliver Wyman Eric Michael Summerer Marc Vietor. This is a collection of stories set in the infamous Sprawl, the landscape of Neuromancer. In these stories Gibson's trademarks are new and invigorating."
Idoru Bridge 2 by William Gibson. No description available
"Virtual Light Bridge 1 by William Gibson. NEW YORK TIMES bestseller 2005 Welcome to NoCal and SoCal, the uneasy sister states of what used to be California. The millennium has come and gone, leaving in its wake only stunned survivors. In Los Angeles, Berry Rydell is a former armed response rentacop now working for a bounty hunter. Chevette Washington is a bicycle messenger turned pickpocket who impulsively snatches a pair of innocent looking sunglasses. But these are no ordinary shades. What you can see through these high tech specs can make you rich or get you killed. Now Berry and Chevette are on the run, zeroing in on the digitalized heart of DatAmerica, where pure information is the greatest high. And a mind can be a terrible thing to crash. . . . Praise for Virtual Light Both exhilarating and terrifying . . . Although considered the master of 'cyberpunk' science fiction, William Gibson is also one fine suspense writer. People A stunner . . . A terrifically stylish burst of kick butt imagination. Entertainment Weekly Convincing . . . frightening . . . Virtual Light is written with a sense of craft, a sense of humor and a sense of the ultimate seriousness of the problems it explores. Chicago Tribune In the emerging pop culture of the information age, Gibson is the brightest star. The San Diego Union Tribune"
Stable Strategies and Others by Eileen Gunn Howard Waldrop William Gibson. No description available
Cyberpunk and Cyberculture Science Fiction and the Work of William Gibson by Dani Cavallaro. No description available
The Neil Gaiman Audio Collection by Neil Gaiman. No description available
The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish by Neil Gaiman Dave McKean. No description available
"Death The Time of Your Life Death of the Endless 2 by Neil Gaiman Chris Bachalo Mark Buckingham Mark Pennington Claire Danes. With The Sandman heading to Netflix, this deluxe edition hardcover collects Neil Gaiman s solo stories of the series most beloved character, Death! From the pages of Newbery Medal winner Neil Gaiman's The Sandman comes fan favorite character Death in a collection of her solo adventures! The first story introduces the young, pale, perky, and genuinely likable Death. One day in every century, Death walks the earth to better understand those to whom she will be the final visitor. Today is that day. As a young mortal girl named Didi, Death befriends a teenager and helps a 250 year old homeless woman find her missing heart. What follows is a sincere musing on love, life, and of course death. In the second story, a rising star in the music world wrestles with revealing her true sexual orientation, just as her lover is lured into the realm of Death, where Death herself should make an appearance. A practical, honest, and intelligent story that illuminates the miracle of death. Plus, Death's first appearance from The Sandman series, her tale from The Sandman Endless Nights, and much more! With The Sandman television adaptation debuting on Netflix, and the audio drama unfolding on Audible, explore the comic book classics that started it all! Collects Death The High Cost of Living 1 3, Death The Time of Your Life 1 3, the Death Talks about Life AIDS pamphlet, stories from Vertigo Winter s Edge 2 and The Sandman Endless Nights, the short story The Wheel from the 9 11 tribute book, and The Sandman 8 and 20."
Creatures of the Night by Neil Gaiman Michael Zulli. No description available
New X Men Volume 4 Riot at Xavier's by Grant Morrison Frank Quitely. No description available
The Invisibles Volume 1 Say You Want a Revolution by Grant Morrison Steve Yeowell Jill Thompson Dennis Cramer Peter Milligan. No description available
The Mystery Play by Grant Morrison Jon J. Muth. No description available
Kid Eternity by Grant Morrison Duncan Fegredo. No description available
New X Men Volume 1 E Is for Extinction by Grant Morrison Frank Quitely. No description available
Seven Soldiers of Victory Volume 1 by Grant Morrison Ryan Sook Mick Gray Frazer Irving J.H. Williams III Simone Bianchi Cameron Stewart. No description available
"Doom Patrol Vol. 1 Crawling from the Wreckage Doom Patrol 1 by Grant Morrison Richard Case Doug Braithwaite Scott Hanna Carlos Garzon John Nyberg. This new edition of the first collection of Grant Morrison's DOOM PATROL run includes issues 19 25 of the series, including the restoration of three story pages omitted from the original printing. Plus, a new cover by Bolland."
The Filth by Grant Morrison Chris Weston Gary Erskine. No description available
Doom Patrol Vol. 5 Magic Bus by Grant Morrison Richard Case Ken Steacy Stan Woch Philip Bond Mark McKenna Scott Hanna. No description available
JLA Vol. 1 New World Order by Grant Morrison Howard Porter John Dell. No description available
Batman Gothic by Grant Morrison Klaus Janson. No description available
JLA Earth 2 by Grant Morrison Frank Quitely. No description available
New X Men Omnibus by Grant Morrison Marc Silvestri Chris Bachalo John Paul Leon Frank Quitely Leinil Francis Yu Igor Kordey Ethan Van Sciver Keron Grant Tom Derenick Phil Jimenez. No description available
Superfolks by Robert Mayer Grant Morrison. No description available
Kill Your Boyfriend by Grant Morrison Philip Bond D'Israeli Daniel Vozzo. No description available
Batman Arkham Asylum A Serious House on Serious Earth by Grant Morrison Dave McKean. No description available
JLA Tierra 2 by Grant Morrison Frank Quitely Rafael De la Iglesia. No description available
Doom Patrol Vol. 4 Musclebound by Grant Morrison Richard Case Mike Dringenberg Mark McKenna Jamie Hewlett Steve Yeowell Rian Hughes. No description available
New X Men Volume 7 Here Comes Tomorrow by Grant Morrison Marc Silvestri. No description available
The Invisibles Vol. 7 The Invisible Kingdom by Grant Morrison Philip Bond Warren Pleece Sean Phillips Jay Stephens Frank Quitely Steve Yeowell. No description available
The Invisibles Vol. 3 Entropy in the U.K. by Grant Morrison Phil Jimenez John Stokes Tommy Lee Edwards Paul Johnson Steve Yeowell Dick Giordano Mark Buckingham Mark Pennington. No description available
Invisible by Pete Hautman. No description available
The Invisibles Vol. 4 Bloody Hell in America by Grant Morrison Phil Jimenez John Stokes. No description available
The Invisibles Vol. 6 Kissing Mister Quimper by Grant Morrison Chris Weston Ivan Reis. No description available
Invisible Residents The Reality of Underwater UFOs by Ivan T. Sanderson David Hatcher Childress. No description available
The Invisibles Vol. 5 Counting to None by Grant Morrison Phil Jimenez John Stokes. No description available
The Invisible Heart An Economic Romance by Russell Roberts Russ Roberts. No description available
Transmetropolitan Vol. 2 Lust for Life by Warren Ellis Darick Robertson. No description available
Transmetropolitan Vol. 3 Year of the Bastard by Warren Ellis Darick Robertson Rodney Ramos. No description available
Transmetropolitan Vol. 5 Lonely City by Warren Ellis Darick Robertson Rodney Ramos Patrick Stewart. No description available
Transmetropolitan Vol. 4 The New Scum by Warren Ellis Darick Robertson Rodney Ramos Keith Akin. No description available
Transmetropolitan Vol. 8 Dirge by Warren Ellis Darick Robertson Rodney Ramos. No description available
Transmetropolitan Vol. 10 One More Time by Warren Ellis Darick Robertson Rodney Ramos. No description available
Transmetropolitan Vol. 9 The Cure by Warren Ellis Darick Robertson Rodney Ramos. No description available
Transmetropolitan Vol. 7 Spider's Thrash by Warren Ellis Darick Robertson Rodney Ramos Darren Aronofsky. No description available
Created in Darkness by Troubled Americans The Best of McSweeney's Humor Category by Dave Eggers Kevin Shay Lee Epstein Suzanne Kleid McSweeney's Publishing. No description available
The Fabric of the Cosmos Space Time and the Texture of Reality by Brian Greene. No description available
The Meaning of Relativity Science Library by Albert Einstein Brian Greene. No description available
Underground! The Disinformation Guide to Ancient Civilizations Astonishing Archaeology and Hidden History by Preston Peet. No description available
Under the Influence The Disinformation Guide to Drugs by Preston Peet. No description available
You are Being Lied To The Disinformation Guide to Media Distortion Historical Whitewashes and Cultural Myths by Russ Kick. No description available
The Origin of Species by Charles Darwin Philip Appleman. No description available
Red Herrings and White Elephants The Origins of the Phrases We Use Every Day by Albert Jack Ann Page. No description available
The Origin of Species by Charles Darwin Julian Huxley. No description available
The Origin of Species by Charles Darwin. No description available
The Origin of Satan How Christians Demonized Jews Pagans and Heretics by Elaine Pagels. No description available
Discourse on the Origin of Inequality by Jean Jacques Rousseau. No description available
On the Origins of War and the Preservation of Peace by Donald Kagan. No description available
The Origins of Totalitarianism by Hannah Arendt. No description available
The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind by Julian Jaynes. No description available
Final Fantasy Origins Official Strategy Guide by Casey Loe Laura Parkinson. No description available
Social Origins of Dictatorship and Democracy Lord and Peasant in the Making of the Modern World by Barrington Moore Jr. James C. Scott Edward Friedman. No description available
Smithsonian Intimate Guide to Human Origins by Carl Zimmer. No description available
Economic Origins of Dictatorship and Democracy by Daron Acemo lu James A. Robinson. No description available
African Origins of the Major Western Religions by Yosef A.A. Ben Jochannan. No description available
The Origins of the Civil Rights Movements Black Communities Organizing for Change by Aldon D. Morris. No description available
The Origin of the Bible by F.F. Bruce Philip W. Comfort Carl F.H. Henry J.I. Packer. No description available
Country of Origin by Don Lee. No description available
The Making of a Philosopher My Journey Through Twentieth Century Philosophy by Colin McGinn. No description available
The Beatles and Philosophy Nothing You Can Think that Can't Be Thunk by Michael Baur Steven Baur James S. Spiegel. No description available
The Gospel According to the Beatles by Steve Turner. No description available
JPod by Douglas Coupland. No description available
Hairstyles of the Damned by Joe Meno. No description available
Just Visiting This Planet Merlin Answers More Questions about Everything Under the Sun Moon and Stars by Neil deGrasse Tyson Stephen Tyson. No description available
Merlin's Tour of the Universe by Neil deGrasse Tyson. No description available
Death by Black Hole And Other Cosmic Quandaries by Neil deGrasse Tyson. No description available
Tales from the Dark Tower by Joseph Vargo Christine Filipak Eric Muss Barnes Jalone J. Haessig Joseph Iorillo Robert Michaels Russell Novotny James Pipik. No description available
The Dark Tower The Dark Tower 7 by Stephen King. Sams Local 11 7 2004 35.00.
The Gunslinger by Stephen King. No description available
Gunslinger Girl Vol. 1 by Yu Aida Hiroshi Aida. No description available
Gunslinger by Ed Dorn. No description available
Wasteland of Flint by Thomas Harlan. No description available
Cities in Dust Wasteland 1 by Antony Johnston Christopher Mitten. No description available
Slim to None A Journey Through the Wasteland of Anorexia Treatment by Jennifer Hendricks Gordon Hendricks. No description available
Sit Walk Stand by Watchman Nee. No description available
Prayers for the Assassin Assassin Trilogy 1 by Robert Ferrigno. No description available
Voices From the Street by Philip K. Dick. No description available
The Minority Report 18 Classic Stories by Philip K. Dick James Tiptree Jr.. No description available
Flow My Tears the Policeman Said by Philip K. Dick. No description available
The Crack in Space by Philip K. Dick. No description available
Ubik by Philip K. Dick David Alabort Manuel Esp n. No description available
The Best of Philip K. Dick by Philip K. Dick John Brunner. No description available
Vulcan's Hammer by Philip K. Dick. No description available
Carly's Sound by Ali Vali. No description available
The System of Objects by Jean Baudrillard James Benedict. No description available
The Intelligence of Evil or the Lucidity Pact by Jean Baudrillard Chris Turner. No description available
Introducing Baudrillard by Chris Horrocks Zoran Jevti. No description available
Existentialism and Human Emotions by Jean Paul Sartre. No description available
Nausea by Jean Paul Sartre James Wood Robert Baldick. No description available
From Socrates to Sartre The Philosophic Quest by T.Z. Lavine. No description available
The Trial and Death of Socrates Euthyphro Apology Crito Phaedo death scene only by Plato G.M.A. Grube John M. Cooper. No description available
The Trial of Queen Caroline The Scandalous Affair that Nearly Ended a Monarchy by Jane Robins. No description available
Bookends by Jane Green. No description available
Jemima J. For those who love Faking Friends and My Sweet Revenge by Jane Fallon by Jane Green. No description available
Feeling Better Getting Better Staying Better Profound Self Help Therapy for Your Emotions by Albert Ellis. No description available
American Sphinx The Character of Thomas Jefferson by Joseph J. Ellis. No description available
Line Of Vision by David Ellis. No description available
The Other Woman by Jane Green. No description available
"No Other Woman No Other 2 by Shannon Drake. The Arctic Ocean was still frozen when I, at age fifty three, reached it by motorcycle, becoming the first woman to complete the Ultimate Coast to Coast Challenge. With both time and distance requirements, the Challenge is a grueling ride from Key West, Florida, the most southern point on a road in the United States to the most northern point on a road in Prudhoe Bay, Alaska. A Challenge for No Other Woman is my astonishing journey to the frozen Arctic Ocean and the prehistoric wilderness of Alaska, to the painted red sand monoliths of the Valley of the Gods. My adventure is one of beauty, hardships, fears and challenges that I saw, experienced and conquered on my one hundred day journey over twenty thousand miles of American roads."
"The Other Woman Dundee Idaho 7 by Brenda Novak. A second chance doesn't mean second best! Elizabeth O'Connell has survived one of the worst betrayals a wife can imagine. Finding out that she wasn't the only woman in her husband's life meant the end of her marriage and a year of personal hell. Now she's focusing on her new business and raising her two kids. Carter Hudson isn't part of her plan. When he's introduced to Liz by well meaning friends, her dislike is instant. But as she spends time with him, Liz realizes she likes having Carter in her life more than likes it. However, Carter has secrets in his past that he can't seem to escape, secrets that apparently involve a woman. Liz is sure of one thing she'll never be the other woman again!"
The Other Woman by Ann O'Leary. No description available
"Sins of a Shaker Summer Sister Rose Callahan 3 by Deborah Woodworth. Rose Callahan, newly appointed eldress of the community of Believers at the Kentucky Shaker viliage of North Homage, confesses to a nagging resentment toward Andrew, sent by the lead ministry in Mount Lebanon to act as trustee. She knows little about the man, except that he's taken charge of the Medicinal Herb Garden, over which Rose previously had control, and he's been expanding the tiny industry and experimenting with new medicinal herbs. Now two little girls have suddenly become deathly ill, and Rose's attention turns to the herb garden. Suspecting that the girls may have taken a notion to nibble on pretty but poisonous plants, she fears their hallowed land may have accidentally been turned into a killing ground. But as Rose investigates, mysterious death invades the gentle oasis of their spiritual world, and some chilling secrets come to light...secrets that bring Rose closer to a truth that even a nonviolent Believer might kill to keep."
"InuYasha Ani Manga Vol. 1 Inuyasha Ani Manga 1 by Rumiko Takahashi. A teenage girl travels back in time to medieval Japan to help the half demon dog, half man Inu Yasha find an orb of great power."
Pusteblume by Marian Keyes. No description available
Qui n te lo ha contado? by Marian Keyes. No description available
Une vie de r ve by Marian Keyes. No description available
Por los pelos by Marian Keyes. No description available
Under the Duvet by Marian Keyes. No description available
"Rachel se va de viaje La familia Walsh 2 by Marian Keyes. La alocada Rachel protagoniza esta segunda novela de la saga de la inolvidable Familia Walsh . Rachel es una entusiasta consumidora de drogas recreativas . Seg n ella, no por adicci n sino por pasatiempo. Al fin y al cabo, hoy d a, qui n no toma de vez en cuando un cido, una raya o unas pocas pastillas? Qu mejor para olvidar las tensiones del trabajo y disfrutar un rato de la vida? Pero, en una de esas, se le va la mano, y tras una noche de excesos se atiborra de tranquilizantes para dormir a pierna suelta y empezar fresca una nueva jornada laboral. Para su sorpresa, a la ma ana siguiente no despierta en su habitaci n sino en la cama de un hospital, despu s de un lavado de est mago y a punto para ingresar una temporada en una peculiar cl nica de rehabilitaci n... Los lectores han dicho... En este libro Marian Keyes, nos ofrece una visi n de la adicci n, cruel y realista, con su dosis amarga de humor y de re rse de si misma De esos libros que, cuando terminan, los dejas con pena, queriendo m s Lo recomiendo si te gustan las historias de gente normal y corriente que puede llegar a hacer cosas extraordinarias Marian Keyes nos ofrece un relato de superaci n personal cargado de diversi n, sexo,sarcasmo, momentos para el recuerdo y un final precioso que hacen de Rachel se va de viaje una lectura original, amena y muy recomendable"
Yeats ist tot! by Joseph O'Connor Diethard Herles Pauline McLynn Gerard Stembridge Frank McCourt Conor McPherson Gene Kerrigan Gina Moxley Marian Keyes Anthony Cronin Owen O'Neill Hugo Hamilton Charlie O'Neill Tom Humphries Donal O'Kelly. No description available
Le Club de la derni re chance by Marian Keyes. No description available
Les vacances de Rachel Walsh Family 2 by Marian Keyes Roxane Azimi. No description available
Auszeit f r Engel Walsh Family 3 by Marian Keyes. No description available
"Slightly Settled Slightly 2 by Wendy Markham. Top Two Don'ts for the Office Party Don't dress in a revealing manner. Translation Don't wear the sexy scarlet, size eight dress you couldn't fit into three months ago. The one that flaunts your firmed up cleavage and newly discovered collarbones."
8 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
7 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
24 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
28 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
4 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
22 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
26 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
12 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
17 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
14 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
10 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
1 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
27 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
"The Return of Lum Volume 3 Sweet Revenge Urusei Yatsura 4 by Rumiko Takahashi. Lum's exotic mother challenges Mendo's mom to a duel at Parents' Day at Tomobiki High. Then a field trip leads to unexpected meeting with a disgruntled female ninja. Finally,Lum's childhood friend Ran comes to Earth to get revenge for some long forgotten jealousies and slights. What better way than through Ataru?"
"The Return of Lum Volume 5 Feudal Furor Urusei Yatsura 6 by Rumiko Takahashi. What would you do if a tiger skin bikini clad alien followed you to school every day? Poor Ataru's life has never returned to normal since volatile extraterrestrial princess Lum fell for him. Now an excruciatingly wealthy and genteel rival, Mendo, adds to Ataru's torment. Not to mention an unending stream of extraordinary classroom visitors and educational materials including incompetent cherry blossom spirits, a legendary nightmare eating tapir, and a fourth dimensional camera that breeches alternate realities Cover"
Lamu Urusei Yatsura 3 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
"The Return of Lum Volume 1 Urusei Yatsura Urusei Yatsura 2 by Rumiko Takahashi. What would you do if a tiger skin bikini clad alien followed you to school every day? Poor Ataru's life has never returned to normal since volatile extraterrestrial princess Lum fell for him. Now an excruciatingly wealthy and genteel rival, Mendo, adds to Ataru's torment. Not to mention an unending stream of extraordinary classroom visitors and educational materials including incompetent cherry blossom spirits, a legendary nightmare eating tapir, and a fourth dimensional camera that breeches alternate realities Cover"
Lum Urusei Yatsura. Perfect Collection Urusei Yatsura 1 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
12 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
"Ranma 1 2 Vol. 12 Ranma US 2nd 12 by Rumiko Takahashi. Pantyhose Taro s back, and he s got a thirst for vengeance that can only be quenched by dunking Happosai in water from Drowned Man Spring. But the water might actually result in more trouble than he anticipated in fact, double the trouble. Then, a zesty trio in search of a particular treasure inspires Ryoga, Mousse and Ranma to form a truce. But is their temporary alliance a recipe for disaster? VIZ Media"
Your and My Secret Vol. 1 by Ai Morinaga. No description available
A Man Rides Through Mordant's Need 2 by Stephen R. Donaldson. No description available
"The One Tree The Second Chronicles of Thomas Covenant 2 by Stephen R. Donaldson. Thomas Covenant and Linden Avery flee from the Land, and embark with the Giants on a desperate search for the One Tree, the powerful life force whose branches alone can re make the Staff of Law. They leave the Sunbane ravaged shores they know for a new world where awesome creatures attack them at sea and strangely powerful new races both welcome and threaten them on Land while Lord Foul sends his Ravers to harry Covenant and all who help him. Before them lies the prize that can vanquish the Sunbane or wreak the devastation that Lord Foul seeks . . ."
"The Gap Into Madness Chaos and Order Gap 4 by Stephen R. Donaldson. A new cover reissue of the fourth book in the bestselling five volume sf series created by the world famous author of the Thomas Covenant chronicles and acclaimed as the 'best work of his career'. Events were not moving as the Amnion had intended. Once again humans had been false in their dealings with the aliens. As the planetoid Thanatos Minor exploded into atoms, the Trumpet hurtled into space only one step ahead of hostile pursuers. On board were Morn Hyland and her force grown son Davies, cyborg Angus Thermopyle and Captain Nick Succorso old enemies thrown together in a desperate bid for survival. For both the Amnion and the UMCP, the immediate capture of the fleeing ship and the secrets it contained was imperative. But for Trumpet's exhausted crew the only hope lay in an illegal lab in the distant binary solar system of Valdor Industrial. It would be a journey of unpredictable danger from which not all would return..."
The Gap Into Vision Forbidden Knowledge Gap 2 by Stephen R. Donaldson. No description available
"The Gap Into Power A Dark and Hungry God Arises Gap 3 by Stephen R. Donaldson. A new cover reissue of the third book in the bestselling five volume sf series created by the world famous author of the Thomas Covenant chronicles and acclaimed as the 'best work of his career'. On a lonely planetoid in forbidden space, the players in a power game of mind shattering proportions were heading for an explosive confrontation. After a terrifying encounter with the Amnion aliens, Nick Succorso had made for the safety of Thanatos Minor, the infamous bootleg shipyard where illegals from all over the galaxy came to repair their ships and indulge their exotic tastes in entertainment. But the Amnion were waiting, and for Nick, Morn Hyland and her force grown son Davies, the safe haven would become a vision of hell. Meanwhile, Angus Thermopyle had been captured by the UMCP and turned into a deadly cyborg. Now, as the UMC controllers looked on from the sidelines, he was heading for Thanatos Minor, programmed to carry out a secret mission that could have nightmarish consequences for them all..."
Pretty Face Vol. 1 by Yasuhiro Kano. No description available
Not Just a Pretty Face Dolls and Human Figurines in Alaska Native Cultures by Molly C. Lee Angela J. Linn Chase Hensel James H. Barker. No description available
"Just Another Pretty Face Hollywood Dynasty 2 by Candace Schuler. Just Another Pretty Face by Candace Schuler released on Jul 23, 1993 is available now for purchase."
Skylight Confessions by Alice Hoffman. No description available
The Foretelling by Alice Hoffman. No description available
Incantation by Alice Hoffman. No description available
"Practical Magic Practical Magic 1 by Alice Hoffman. 25th Anniversary Edition with an Introduction by the Author! The Owens sisters confront the challenges of life and love in this bewitching novel from the New York Times bestselling author of The Rules of Magic, Magic Lessons, and The Book of Magic. For more than two hundred years, the Owens women have been blamed for everything that has gone wrong in their Massachusetts town. Gillian and Sally have endured that fate as well as children, the sisters were forever outsiders, taunted, talked about, pointed at. Their elderly aunts almost seemed to encourage the whispers of witchery, with their musty house and their exotic concoctions and their crowd of black cats. But all Gillian and Sally wanted was to escape. One will do so by marrying, the other by running away. But the bonds they share will bring them back almost as if by magic... Splendid...Practical Magic is one of Hoffman's best novels, showing on every page her gift for touching ordinary life as if with a wand, to reveal how extraordinary life really is. Newsweek A delicious fantasy of witchcraft and love in a world where gardens smell of lemon verbena and happy endings are possible. Cosmopolitan"
The Probable Future by Alice Hoffman. No description available
The Complete Stories by Franz Kafka Nahum N. Glatzer John Updike Willa Muir Edwin Muir Tania Stern James Stern Ernst Kaiser Eithne Wilkins. No description available
Amerika by Franz Kafka Willa Muir Edwin Muir Klaus Mann E.L. Doctorow. No description available
Collected Stories by Franz Kafka Willa Muir Edwin Muir Gabriel Josipovici. No description available
Kafka Toward a Minor Literature by Gilles Deleuze F lix Guattari Franz Kafka. No description available
The Annotated Brothers Grimm by Jacob Grimm Wilhelm Grimm Maria Tatar A.S. Byatt George Cruikshank Paul Hey Walter Crane Warwick Goble Kay Nielsen Arthur Rackham. No description available
The Complete Brothers Grimm Fairy Tales by Jacob Grimm Wilhelm Grimm. No description available
The Complete Fairy Tales of The Brothers Grimm by Jacob Grimm Wilhelm Grimm Jack D. Zipes Johnny Gruelle. No description available
Beyond Innocence Beyond Duet 1 by Emma Holly. No description available
Emma Vol. 01 by Kaoru Mori. No description available
Drum Into Silence Drums of Chaos 3 by Jo Clayton Kevin Andrew Murphy. No description available
"Dance Down the Stars Duel of Sorcery Dancer 3 by Jo Clayton. Palace intrigue, dark magic, and terrifying secrets drive the beautifully written standalone novel Fire Dance, set in the world of Last Song Before Night. Espionage, diplomacy, conspiracy, passion, and power are the sensuously choreographed steps of the soaring new high fantasy novel by Ilana C. Myer, one woman's epic mission to stop a magical conflagration. Lin, newly initiated in the art of otherwordly enchantments, is sent to aid her homeland's allies against vicious attacks from the Fire Dancers mysterious practitioners of strange and deadly magic. Forced to step into a dangerous waltz of tradition, treachery, and palace secrets, Lin must also race the ticking clock of her own rapidly dwindling life to learn the truth of the Fire Dancers' war, and how she might prevent death on a scale too terrifying to contemplate. Myer's novel is a symphony of secret towers, desert winds, burning sands, blood and dust. Her prose soars, and fluid movements of the politically charged plot carry the reader toward a shocking crescendo."
"Drum Calls Drums of Chaos 2 by Jo Clayton. 'A fitting testament to this incredible drummer s life and work' The Wire 'Affectionate insight and intriguing detail . . . The illumination is invaluable' Mojo 'For anyone interested in the mind that created the powerful beats of Can. . . This book is essential' Modern Drummer Jaki Liebezeit is a legendary figure among musicians, best remembered as the groove and power behind the influential German band Can. Until now, though, few have known about his most significant legacy a complete practical theory of drumming, based on the natural principles of movement he observed during his lifelong research into the discipline. Following Jaki's unexpected death in 2017, producer Jono Podmore and journalist John Payne contacted his drum group Drums Off Chaos and long term collaborator Burnt Friedman to see if the theory could be pieced together before it was lost or corrupted. Fortunately the basic principles had already been transcribed, and with the help of Jaki's widow Birgit Berger drummers Reiner Linke, Maf Retter and Gero Sprafke composer Manos Tsangaris and discographer Bryan O'Connell, they have assembled a comprehensive account of not only the drum theory, but also Jaki's profound conceptual and pragmatic vision as applied throughout his life. This landmark book features a host of previously unseen photos including reproductions of Jaki's own artwork, alongside the first ever discography to cover the full, unparalleled range of his recordings."
"Fire in the Sky Diadem Shadowsong 1 by Jo Clayton. This is the first in The Shadowsong Trilogy, the story of Shadith, formerly a spirit residing in the Diadem, a magical relic from an alien empire. She is embodied with the gift of empathy and a magic based on music, which enables her to act as an arbiter for interplanetary diplomatic corps. Now she must make peace between two warring races."
Quester's Endgame by Jo Clayton. No description available
Shadowkill Diadem Shadith's Quest 3 by Jo Clayton Jo Clayton. No description available
Lidia's Family Table by Lidia Matticchio Bastianich David Nussbaum Christopher Hirsheimer. No description available
Lidia's Italy by Lidia Matticchio Bastianich Tanya Bastianich Manuali David Nussbaum Christopher Hirsheimer. No description available
La Cucina Di Lidia Recipes and Memories from Italy's Adriatic Coast by Lidia Matticchio Bastianich Jay Jacobs. No description available
Blood Wedding and Yerma by Federico Garc a Lorca W.S. Merwin Langston Hughes. No description available
Selected Verse by Federico Garc a Lorca Christopher Maurer. No description available
Operation Wandering Soul by Richard Powers. No description available
Galatea 2.2 by Richard Powers. No description available
Three Farmers on Their Way to a Dance by Richard Powers. No description available
Christian Theology An Introduction by Alister E. McGrath. No description available
The Time of Our Singing by Richard Powers. No description available
The Christian Theology Reader by Alister E. McGrath. No description available
Prisoner's Dilemma by Richard Powers. No description available
In the Beginning The Story of the King James Bible and How it Changed a Nation a Language and a Culture by Alister E. McGrath. No description available
Gain by Richard Powers. No description available
Presidential Power and the Modern Presidents The Politics of Leadership from Roosevelt to Reagan by Richard E. Neustadt. No description available
The Grotesque by Patrick McGrath. No description available
Port Mungo by Patrick McGrath. No description available
Entre Amis An Interactive Approach by Michael D. Oates Larbi Oukada. No description available
Experience by Martin Amis. No description available
Heavy Water and Other Stories by Martin Amis. No description available
Visiting Mrs Nabokov and Other Excursions by Martin Amis. No description available
Intimacy And Other Stories by Hanif Kureishi. No description available
The Buddha of Suburbia by Hanif Kureishi. No description available
Image Music Text by Roland Barthes Stephen Heath. No description available
Camera Lucida Reflections on Photography by Roland Barthes Richard Howard. No description available
The Fashion System by Roland Barthes Matthew Ward Richard Howard. No description available
The Responsibility of Forms Critical Essays on Music Art and Representation by Roland Barthes Richard Howard. No description available
The Pleasure of the Text by Roland Barthes Richard Miller. No description available
How to Travel with a Salmon Other Essays by Umberto Eco William Weaver. No description available
Le Nom de la rose by Umberto Eco Jean No l Schifano. No description available
Os libros arden mal by Manuel Rivas. No description available
The Age of Access The New Culture of Hypercapitalism Where All of Life Is a Paid For Experience by Jeremy Rifkin Ralph Fowler. No description available
The Book of Questions by Pablo Neruda William O'Daly. No description available
Bugs for Lunch Insectos para el almuerzo by Margery Facklam Sylvia Long Liliana Valenzuela. No description available
My Story as told by Water Confessions Druidic Rants Reflections Bird watchings Fish stalkings Visions Songs and Prayers Refracting Light from Living Rivers in the Age of the Industrial Dark by David James Duncan. No description available
Pilgrims and Other Stories by Elizabeth Gilbert. No description available
The Last American Man by Elizabeth Gilbert. No description available
Pilgrims Pa by Elizabeth Gilbert. No description available
Stern Men by Elizabeth Gilbert. No description available
A Writer's Workbook Daily Exercises for the Writing Life by Caroline Sharp Elizabeth Gilbert. No description available
"Size 14 Is Not Fat Either Heather Wells 2 by Meg Cabot. Former pop star Heather Wells has settled nicely into her new life as assistant dorm director at New York College a career that does not require her to drape her size 12 body in embarrassingly skimpy outfits. She can even cope sort of with her rocker ex boyfriend's upcoming nuptials, which the press has dubbed The Celebrity Wedding of the Decade. But she's definitely having a hard time dealing with the situation in the dormitory kitchen where a cheerleader has lost her head on the first day of the semester. Actually, her head is accounted for it's her torso that's AWOL. Surrounded by hysterical students with her ex con father on her doorstep and her ex love bombarding her with unwanted phone calls Heather welcomes the opportunity to play detective . . . again. If it gets her mind off her personal problems and teams her up again with the gorgeous P.I. who owns the brownstone where she lives it's all good. But the murder trail is leading the average sized amateur investigator into a shadowy world. And if she doesn't watch her step, Heather will soon be singing her swan song!"
"Missing You 1 800 Where R You 5 by Meg Cabot. Ever since a walk home on a particularly stormy day, Jessica Mastriani has had an ability like no other. She became known worldwide as Lightning Girl a psychic who could find the location of anyone, dead or alive. Jess finally had no choice but to embrace her newfound talent, and ended up lending her skills to the U.S. government. But her work for them has taken a terrible toll, and Jess resurfaces months later a shadow of her former self, her powers gone, Lightning Girl no more. Her only hope is starting over in a new place, a big city where nobody knows her. It's only when Rob Wilkins unexpectedly shows up on her doorstep that she's forced to face her past. Rob, all the way from back home, needs her help. But how can Jess, her powers gone, find anyone, let alone the sister of a man she once loved . . . when she can't even find herself? Missing You, the fifth and final book in the 1 800 Where R You series"
Queen of Babble Queen of Babble 1 by Meg Cabot. No description available
"Size 12 Is Not Fat Heather Wells 1 by Meg Cabot. Now includes a bonus excerpt from Meg Cabot's new Heather Wells novel, Size 12 and Ready to Rock, available wherever books are sold July 10. Heather Wells Rocks! Or, at least, she did. That was before she left the pop idol life behind after she gained a dress size or two and lost a boyfriend, a recording contract, and her life savings when Mom took the money and ran off to Argentina . Now that the glamour and glory days of endless mall appearances are in the past, Heather's perfectly happy with her new size 12 shape the average for the American woman! and her new job as an assistant dorm director at one of New York's top colleges. That is, until the dead body of a female student from Heather's residence hall is discovered at the bottom of an elevator shaft. The cops and the college president are ready to chalk the death off as an accident, the result of reckless youthful mischief. But Heather knows teenage girls . . . and girls do not elevator surf. Yet no one wants to listen not the police, her colleagues, or the P.I. who owns the brownstone where she lives even when more students start turning up dead in equally ordinary and subtly sinister ways. So Heather makes the decision to take on yet another new career as spunky girl detective! But her new job comes with few benefits, no cheering crowds, and lots of liabilities, some of them potentially fatal. And nothing ticks off a killer more than a portly ex pop star who's sticking her nose where it doesn't belong . . ."
How to Be Popular by Meg Cabot. No description available
Valentine Princess The Princess Diaries 7.75 by Meg Cabot. No description available
"Darkest Hour The Mediator 4 by Meg Cabot. The Darkest Hour is the fourth book in the thrilling, romantic Mediator series, from the New York Times bestselling author of the Princess Diaries, Meg Cabot. When the nineteenth century ghost of Maria de Silva wakes her up in the middle of the night, Suze knows this is no ordinary visitation and not just from the knife at her throat, either. In life, Maria was the fianc e of Jesse the same Jesse who was murdered 150 years before. The same Jesse Suze is in love with. Maria threatens Suze The backyard construction must cease. Suze has a pretty good idea what or rather, who Maria doesn't want found. But in solving Jesse's murder, will Suze end up losing him forever? Don't miss the delightfully funny supernatural Mediator series, from New York Times bestselling author Meg Cabot."
She Went All the Way by Meg Cabot. No description available
Are We There Yet? by David Levithan. No description available
Boy Meets Boy by David Levithan. No description available
This Is Push New Stories from the Edge by David Levithan Patricia McCormick Matthue Roth Kevin Waltman Samantha Schutz Coe Booth Eddie de Oliveira Tanuja Desai Hidier Kevin Brooks Chris Wooding Markus Zusak Brian James Kristen Kemp Eireann Corrigan Christopher Krovatin Billy Merrell. No description available
The Realm of Possibility by David Levithan. No description available
Ten Things I Hate about You by David Levithan. No description available
Where We Are What We See The Best Young Writers and Artists in America by David Levithan. No description available
Aphrodite's Passion Superhero Central 2 by Julie Kenner. No description available
"The Manolo Matrix Codebreaker Trilogy 2 by Julie Kenner. USA TODAY bestselling author of The Givenchy Code Julie Kenner reloads for her second novel of high heeled thrills as another woman gets pulled into a mysterious world of extreme gaming where she must play or die. Aspiring actress Jennifer Crane knows all about games the games girls play to get a guy the games actresses play to land a part and the good old game of credit card roulette. How else is a girl supposed to afford her shoes? But she never expected to be playing a game with life or death consequences. Unable to successfully score an acting gig, she has, instead, been cast in the role of reluctant bodyguard to a real life assassin's target a dashing FBI agent of all people! and must embark with him upon a scavenger hunt across Manhattan in search of the ultimate prize survival. Before this, Jenn's definition of fighting dirty has been elbowing her way to the front of the line at a Manolo sample sale. Now, if she wants to stay alive, she's going to have to learn a few new uses for her stilettos...and they ain't pretty. Fast, flirty, and full of great footwear, The Manolo Matrix is another electrifying adventure in this breakout series for fashionistas who love a perfectly appointed mystery."
The Cat's Fancy by Julie Kenner. No description available
Demons Are Forever Demon Hunting Soccer Mom 3 by Julie Kenner. From the USA Today bestselling author of Demons Are Forever comes this latest entry in Kenner's series that features suburban warfare and demon hunting mom Kate Conner.
Aphrodite's Secret Superhero Central 3 by Julie Kenner. No description available
"The Good Ghouls' Guide to Getting Even Beth Frasier 1 by Julie Kenner. Beth Frasier's junior year of high school is going great until she is turned into a vampire, so now she is trying to find a way to end her nightmare, and get revenge."
Aphrodite's Flame Superhero Central 4 by Julie Kenner. No description available
"Carpe Demon Demon Hunting Soccer Mom 1 by Julie Kenner. Kate Connor is your average, everyday mom with two kids, a husband, and one very big secret ... she used to be a Demon Hunter for a secret arm of the Vatican. Now retired, she's more interested in the domestic than the demonic. So when she catches sight of a demon in Wal Mart, she tells herself it's some other Hunter's problem. But when that demon attacks her in her kitchen, retirement is no longer an option. Now Kate has to kick a little demon butt, figure out why the creatures are trying to take her out and take over her home town, and at the same time take care of her 2 year old, deal with a hormonal 14 year old, get the family to Catholic mass on time, and try to keep her past a secret from her daughter and her husband. She's a little out of practice, but hey ... if she can juggle two kids and an impromptu dinner party, ridding the town of demons should be a piece of cake. Like the saying goes, Carpe Demon ... and Kate intends to do just that."
Perfect Circle by Sean Stewart. No description available
The Great Philosophers An Introduction to Western Philosophy by Bryan Magee Myles Burnyeat Martha C. Nussbaum Anthony Kenny Bernard Williams Anthony Quinton Michael Ayres John Passmore Geoffrey Warnock Peter Singer Frederick Charles Copleston J. P. Stern Hubert L. Dreyfus Sidney Morgenbesser A.J. Ayer John Rogers Searle. No description available
Talking Philosophy Dialogues with Fifteen Leading Philosophers by Bryan Magee Isaiah Berlin Charles Taylor Herbert Marcuse William Barrett Anthony Quinton A.J. Ayer Bernard Williams R. M. Hare Willard Van Orman Quine John Rogers Searle Noam Chomsky Hilary Putnam Ronald Dworkin Iris Murdoch Ernest Gellner. No description available
The Story of Philosophy A Concise Introduction to the World's Greatest Thinkers and Their Ideas by Bryan Magee. No description available
Feminist Measures Soundings in Poetry and Theory by Lynn Keller Lynn Keller. No description available
Taxation of Mineral Rents by Ross Garnaut. No description available
Dubliners by James Joyce Margot Norris Hans Walter Gabler Walter Hettche. No description available
Dubliners Text Criticism and Notes by James Joyce Robert Scholes A. Walton Litz. No description available
Dubliners by James Joyce Frank McCourt Donal Donnelly Ciaran Hinds Colm Meaney Malachy McCourt. No description available
CliffsNotes on Joyce's Dubliners Cliffs Notes by Adam Sexton G. Tubach. No description available
The Door to Time Ulysses Moore 1 by Pierdomenico Baccalario Iacopo Bruno Laura Zuccotti Leah D. Janeczko Beth Dunfey. No description available
Ulysses S. Grant The Unlikely Hero by Michael Korda. No description available
Ulysses S. Grant by Josiah Bunting Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.. No description available
Allusions in Ulysses An Annotated List by Weldon Thornton. No description available
Ulysses Found by Ernle Bradford. No description available
The Scandal of Ulysses The Life And Afterlife of a Twentieth Century Masterpiece by Bruce Arnold. No description available
Round Ireland with a Fridge by Tony Hawks. No description available
Discovery of the Presence of God Devotional Nonduality by David R. Hawkins. No description available
Transcending the Levels of Consciousness The Stairway to Enlightenment by David R. Hawkins. No description available
The Eye of the I From Which Nothing is Hidden by David R. Hawkins. No description available
Letters to J. D. Salinger by Chris Kubica Chris Kubica. No description available
J.D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye Modern Critical Interpretations by Harold Bloom. No description available
Where Is Baby's Mommy? A Lift the Flap Book by Karen Katz. No description available
Counting Christmas by Karen Katz. No description available
"Running from the Deity Pip Flinx 11 by Alan Dean Foster. From science fiction legend Alan Dean Foster comes a thrilling Pip and Flinx adventure, wherein a certain red haired, green eyed young man blessed or cursed with strange powers finds himself and his mini dragon sidekick on a top secret mission concerning deep space, alien worlds . . . and a primordial horror intent on devouring all of it. In the outer depths of the universe lies the Great Emptiness, where something dreadful lurks, hidden behind a great gravitational lens of dark matter. Something horrific that howls and writhes and rages across three hundred million light years of space and is now heading straight for the Commonwealth and moving faster all the time. One slim chance exists to avert catastrophe, and only Flinx can take it. Roaming the galaxy is a conscious planet size weapons system, the legacy of a long extinct race. As Flinx is the only one who has ever experienced mental contact with the machine, it is his job to find the powerful alien artifact and coax it into joining the battle against the behemoth from beyond. So Pip and Flinx valiantly sail into the unknown aboard their little spaceship, which is immediately forced down for emergency repairs on planet Arrawd, home to less advanced sentients and therefore off limits to space travelers. But what with Arrawd being very beautiful, and Flinx being Flinx, this particular rule doesn t stand a chance. Now, Flinx is no stranger to murderous attacks and stalking assassins evading them occupies most of his waking hours but to be besieged by hordes bent on worshipping him as a god? Worse still, escaping this fate is going to be as impossible as fulfilling his dire mission. What s a deity to do?"
Lost and Found by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
"Reunion Pip Flinx 8 by Alan Dean Foster. Siren Publishing The Bellann Summer ManLove Collection Alternative Contemporary Romance, MM, with BDSM elements, bondage, flogging, sex toys, HEA Cade Miller and Bret James cordially invite you to attend their Independence Day picnic on July 4th. Come and enjoy great food, music, and fireworks. Children and pets are more than welcome. While Bret is working on the picnic preparations, Cade receives disturbing health news that changes his views on his and Bret's life together. He decides the picnic is a perfect place to legally solidify their union. Bret agrees but has a request. One that will challenge Cade to rely on and manipulate human nature. His plan is simple. Share his decision, make a suggestion, and request to keep the secret. Secrets. Through the ages, secrets have caused turmoil between family and friends. The thing about secrets is that they usually aren't. Cade understands this phenomenon and gambles that his team's closeness will gain the outcome he seeks. Come watch the fun. Bellann Summer is a Siren exclusive author."
The Dig by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
Regarding the Fountain A Tale in Letters of Liars and Leaks by Kate Klise M. Sarah Klise. No description available
Pimsleur German Level 1 CD Lessons 1 30 by Pimsleur Language Programs. No description available
The Architecture of Happiness by Alain de Botton. No description available
The Consolations of Philosophy by Alain de Botton. No description available
How Proust Can Change Your Life by Alain de Botton. No description available
Kiss Tell by Alain de Botton. No description available
Status Anxiety by Alain de Botton. No description available
On Love by Alain de Botton. No description available
Miracle at St. Anna by James McBride. No description available
Die Farbe von Wasser by James McBride. No description available
"Dragons of Winter Night Dragonlance Chronicles 2 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. Dragons. Creatures of legend. Stories told to children. But now dragons have returned to Krynn. The darkness of war and destruction engulfs the land. A small band of heroes brings hope to the land. But the hope is fragile as a rose and may be lost completely, shattered by the bitter winds of winter. Knight and barbarian, warrior and half elf, dwarf and kender and dark souled mage they begin a perilous search for two artifacts that may help them or lead to their destruction the Dragon Orb and the legendary Dragonlance. Jacket."
Dragons of Winter Night Dragonlance Chronicles 2 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
Dragon's Treasure by Elizabeth A. Lynn. No description available
Watchtower Chronicles of Tornor 1 by Elizabeth A. Lynn. No description available
Letters to a Young Artist by Anna Deavere Smith. No description available
The Hip Chick's Guide to Macrobiotics A Philosophy for Achieving a Radiant Mind and a Fabulous Body by Jessica Porter Michio Kushi. No description available
La casa en Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros Elena Poniatowska. No description available
The Dharma Bums by Jack Kerouac Ann Douglas. No description available
The Alchemist's Daughter by Katharine McMahon. No description available
The Art of Fullmetal Alchemist The Anime by Hiromu Arakawa Akira Watanabe Eric Searleman. No description available
Fullmetal Alchemist Vol. 11 Fullmetal Alchemist 11 by Hiromu Arakawa Akira Watanabe. No description available
Astronomy Today by Eric Chaisson Steve McMillan. No description available
Astronomy For Dummies by Stephen P. Maran. No description available
Astronomy A Self Teaching Guide by Dinah L. Moch. No description available
Astronomy A Beginner's Guide to the Universe by Eric Chaisson Steve McMillan. No description available
Bad Astronomy by Philip Plait. No description available
The Complete World of Greek Mythology by Richard Buxton. No description available
Mythology Timeless Tales of Gods and Heroes by Edith Hamilton. No description available
Mythology by Edith Hamilton Steele Savage. No description available
Mythology The DC Comics Art of Alex Ross by Alex Ross Geoff Spear Chip Kidd. No description available
Norse Mythology A Guide to the Gods Heroes Rituals and Beliefs by John Lindow. No description available
Classic Myths to Read Aloud The Great Stories of Greek and Roman Mythology Specially Arranged for Children Five and Up by an Educational Expert by William F. Russell. No description available
Snapshots From Hell The Making Of An MBA by Peter M. Robinson. No description available
Watchmen on the Walls by Hannah Hurnard. No description available
America The Book A Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction Teacher's Edition by Jon Stewart Scott C. Jacobson. No description available
The Children's Book of America by William J. Bennett Michael Hague. No description available
The Journal of Scott Pendleton Collins A World War 2 Soldier by Walter Dean Myers. No description available
The New Big Book of America by Todd Davis Marc Frey. No description available
Awake in the Dark The Best of Roger Ebert by Roger Ebert David Bordwell. No description available
Ebert's Bigger Little Movie Glossary by Roger Ebert Ray Ebert. No description available
The Perfect London Walk by Roger Ebert Daniel Curley Jack Lane. No description available
The Truth with Jokes by Al Franken. No description available
Lies the Lying Liars Who Tell Them A Fair Balanced Look at the Right by Al Franken. No description available
Still More George W. Bushisms Neither in French nor in English nor in Mexican by Jacob Weisberg Al Franken. No description available
You're Good Enough You're Smart Enough Doggone It People Like You! by Al Franken. No description available
I'm Good Enough I'm Smart Enough Doggone It People Like Me! by Al Franken Melody Beattie Stuart Smalley. No description available
J.R.R. Tolkien Artist and Illustrator by Wayne G. Hammond Christina Scull J.R.R. Tolkien. No description available
The J.R.R. Tolkien Companion and Guide by Christina Scull Wayne G. Hammond. No description available
The Children of H rin by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien Alan Lee. No description available
Tales Before Tolkien The Roots of Modern Fantasy by Douglas A. Anderson Frank R. Stockton Ludwig Tieck Richard Garnett H. Rider Haggard Andrew Lang William Hope Hodgson E.A. Wyke Smith David Lindsay Clemence Housman George MacDonald Arthur Machen A. Merritt L. Frank Baum Kenneth Morris William Morris James Branch Cabell Lord Dunsany Francis Stevens E.H. Knatchbull Hugessen E. Nesbit. No description available
The J.R.R. Tolkien Companion and Guide Volume 1 Chronology by Christina Scull Wayne G. Hammond. No description available
Sauron Defeated The History of The Lord of the Rings Part Four The History of Middle Earth 9 by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien. No description available
The J.R.R. Tolkien Companion and Guide Volume 2 Reader's Guide by Wayne G. Hammond Wayne G. Hammond. No description available
Tales from the Perilous Realm by J.R.R. Tolkien. No description available
Tolkien Man and Myth A Literary Life by Joseph Pearce. No description available
Roverandom by J.R.R. Tolkien Christina Scull Wayne G. Hammond. No description available
The History of Middle Earth Index The History of Middle Earth 13 by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien. Complete integrated indices of History of Middle earth volumes. For the first time every index from each of the twelve volumes of The History of Middle earth has been published together in a single volume to create a supreme index charting the writing of Tolkien's masterpieces The Lord of The Rings and The Silmarillion.
"The Lost Road and Other Writings The History of Middle earth 5 by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien. Second in a series of hardcover box sets celebrating the literary achievement of Christopher Tolkien, featuring double sided dust jackets. Set 2 contains The Lays of Beleriand, The Shaping of Middle earth, and The Lost Road Books 3 5 of The History of Middle earth . The Lays of Beleriand gives us a privileged insight into the creation of the mythology of Middle earth, through the alliterative verse tales of two of the most crucial stories in Tolkien's world those of Turin and Luthien. Accompanying the poems are commentaries on the evolution of the history of the Elder Days. Also included is the notable criticism of The Lay of Leithian by C.S. Lewis, who read the poem in 1929. In The Shaping of Middle earth, the chronological and geographical structure of the legends of Middle earth and Valinor is spread before us. We are introduced to the hitherto unknown Ambarkanta or Shape of the World, the only account ever given of the nature of the imagined Universe, accompanied by maps and diagrams of the world before and after the cataclysms of The War of the Gods and the Downfall of Numenor. The Lost Road completes the examination of Tolkien's writing before he began The Lord of the Rings, presenting later forms of the annals of Valinor and Beleriand, the legend of the downfall of Numenor, and the abandoned time travel story The Lost Road, linking the world of Numenor and Middle earth with the legends of many other times and peoples. Published together for the first time, these three books collect a fascinating period of Christopher Tolkien's forty year career devoted to presenting his father J.R.R. Tolkien's writings on Middle earth, a unique accomplishment that celebrates the greatest invented world in all of fantasy literature."
Tolkien's Modern Middle Ages by Jane Chance Alfred Siewers. No description available
Understanding The Lord of the Rings The Best of Tolkien Criticism by Rose A. Zimbardo Neil D. Isaacs. No description available
Fa rie by J.R.R. Tolkien Francis Ledoux. No description available
The Hobbit or There and Back Again by J.R.R. Tolkien Alan Lee. No description available
"Ranma 1 2 Vol. 36 Ranma US 2nd 36 by Rumiko Takahashi. Follows the adventures of half boy, half girl martial artist Ranma, whose transforming gender problems began at the Accursed Springs in China when he became cursed to turn into a girl when splashed with cold water, and back into a boy with hot water."
Ranma Vol. 1 Ranma US 2nd 1 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
"Ranma 1 2 Vol. 35 Ranma US 2nd 35 by Rumiko Takahashi. Ranma Saotome never thought a martial arts training mission to China would turn out like this! An accidental dunk in a cursed spring changes boy Ranma into a young girl, every time he is splashed with cold water. Hot water reverses the effect but only until next time!"
"Ranma 1 2 Vol. 34 Ranma US 2nd 34 by Rumiko Takahashi. Chronicles the adventures of Ranma, a martial arts student cursed to turn into a girl every time he is splashed with cold water."
Ranma 1 2 Vol. 7 Ranma US 2nd 7 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
Mermaid Saga Vol. 2 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
The Mermaids Singing by Lisa Carey. No description available
"Maison Ikkoku Volume 15 Maison Ikkoku 15 by Rumiko Takahashi. From the creator of RANMA 1 2 and INUYASHA comes one of Rumiko Takahashi's most beloved series, the romantic sort of comedy MAISON IKKOKU, re presented in a second edition in its original episodic order, with a missing episode! Take a trip down memory lane back into Japan's nuttiest apartment house and meet its volatile inhabitants Kyoko, the beautiful and mysterious new apartment manager Yusaku, the exam addled college student Mrs. Ichinose, the drunken gossip Kentaro, her bratty son Akemi, the boozy bar hostess who runs around the house in flimsy lingerie and the mooching and peeping Mr. Yotsuya."
"Maison Ikkoku Volume 14 Maison Ikkoku 14 by Rumiko Takahashi. Godai, part time baby sitter and struggling student that he is, moves into the strip club where he works so he can find some peace for studying. Back at Ikkoku, Coach Mitaka now has a chance to make a move on Kyoko, but a pregnancy scare with Asuna may foil his plans."
"Maison Ikkoku Volume 12 Maison Ikkoku 12 by Rumiko Takahashi. Coach Mitaka has gone into seclusion to cure himself of his fear of dogs, promising he'll return as a new man. Will he return in time to win Kyoko's heart?"
"Maison Ikkoku Volume 5 Maison Ikkoku 5 by Rumiko Takahashi. Yusaka's New Year's fortune comes true on Valentine's Day, when he receives flowers from both Kozue and Kyoko each with their own special meaning. Kyoko's parents continue to meddle in her life, despite her protests."
"Maison Ikkoku Volume 6 Maison Ikkoku 6 by Rumiko Takahashi. Acclaimed author Rumiko Takahashi s classic romantic comedy about finding your path in life. Yusaku Godai didn t get accepted into college on the first try, so he s studying to retake the entrance exams. But living in a dilapidated building full of eccentric and noisy tenants is making it hard for him to achieve his goals. Now that a beautiful woman has moved in to become the new resident manager, Godai is driven to distraction! Yusaku Godai and apartment manager Kyoko Otonashi take Nozomu Nikaido under their wing when the 18 year old student moves into Maison Ikkoku. After Nikaido falls victim to Mr. Yotsuya s pranks, he is bent on revenge, but is Nikaido any match for the mysterious trickster?"
"Maison Ikkoku Volume 11 Maison Ikkoku 11 by Rumiko Takahashi. From the creator of RANMA 1 2 and INUYASHA comes one of Rumiko Takahashi's most beloved series, the romantic sort of comedy MAISON IKKOKU, re presented in a second edition in its original episodic order, with a missing episode! Take a trip down memory lane back into Japan's nuttiest apartment house and meet its volatile inhabitants Kyoko, the beautiful and mysterious new apartment manager Yusaku, the exam addled college student Mrs. Ichinose, the drunken gossip Kentaro, her bratty son Akemi, the boozy bar hostess who runs around the house in flimsy lingerie and the mooching and peeping Mr. Yotsuya."
"Maison Ikkoku Volume 9 Maison Ikkoku 9 by Rumiko Takahashi. A hostess at Godai s work runs off and leaves her two young children in his care. Not sure what to do, he brings them back to Maison Ikkoku, where Kyoko volunteers to help look after them while Godai tracks down the mother. VIZ Media"
Rumic World Trilogy Volume 3 Rumic World Trilogy 3 by Rumiko Takahashi. Seven funny short stories in graphic format.
Nausica of the Valley of the Wind Vol. 4 Nausica of the Valley of the Wind 4 by Hayao Miyazaki David Lewis Toren Smith Kaori Inoue Joe Yamazaki Walden Wong Izumi Evers. No description available
Nausica of the Valley of the Wind Vol. 6 Nausica of the Valley of the Wind 6 by Hayao Miyazaki Matt Thorn Kaori Inoue Joe Yamazaki Walden Wong Izumi Evers. No description available
Nausica of the Valley of the Wind Vol. 5 Nausica of the Valley of the Wind 5 by Hayao Miyazaki Matt Thorn Kaori Inoue Joe Yamazaki Walden Wong Izumi Evers. No description available
"Nausica of the Valley of the Wind Vol. 7 Nausica of the Valley of the Wind 7 by Hayao Miyazaki Matt Thorn Kaori Inoue Joe Yamazaki Walden Wong Izumi Evers. Now, Princess Nausica and the God Warrior, a biotechnological abomination of the war known as the Seven Days of Fire, embark on a journey to the Crypt of Shuwa to seal away the terrible weaponry hidden within. But everyone seems to be conspiring to prevent Nausica from carrying out her mission, even the guardian of the crypt himself!"
Nausica De La Vall e Du Vent Tome 4 by Hayao Miyazaki. No description available
Nausica de la vall e du vent tome 3 by Hayao Miyazaki. No description available
Homer's Daughter by Robert Graves. No description available
The Absolute Sandman Volume One by Neil Gaiman Mike Dringenberg Chris Bachalo Michael Zulli Kelly Jones Charles Vess Colleen Doran Malcolm Jones III Steve Parkhouse Daniel Vozzo Lee Loughridge Steve Oliff Todd Klein Dave McKean Sam Kieth. No description available
"Preludes Nocturnes The Sandman 1 by Neil Gaiman Sam Kieth Mike Dringenberg Malcolm Jones III Todd Klein Karen Berger. This collection, edited by Dr. Hans Bischoff, consists of the Six Little Preludes, BWV 933 938, along with twelve preludes taken from The Little Piano Book Clavierbuchlein of Wilhelm Friedemann Bach. Titles Prelude No. 1 in C Major BWV 933 Prelude No. 2 in C Minor BWV 934 Prelude No. 3 in D Minor BWV 935 Prelude No.4 in D Major BWV 936 Prelude No. 5 in E Major BWV 937 Prelude No. 6 in E Minor BWV 938 Prelude No. 7 in C Major Prelude No. 8 in C Major Prelude No. 9 in C Minor Prelude No. 10 in D Major Prelude No. 11 in D Minor Prelude No. 12 in D Minor Prelude No. 13 in E Minor Prelude No. 14 in F Major Prelude No. 15 in F Major Prelude No. 16 in G Minor Prelude No. 17 in G Minor Prelude No. 18 in A Minor"
Berlin Diary The Journal of a Foreign Correspondent 1934 1941 by William L. Shirer Gordon A. Craig. No description available
This Is Berlin Reporting from Nazi Germany 1938 40 by William L. Shirer John Keegan Inga Shirer Dean. No description available
The Nightmare Years 1930 40 20th Century Journey 2 by William L. Shirer. No description available
The Collapse of the Third Republic by William L. Shirer. No description available
"Something Borrowed Darcy Rachel 1 by Emily Giffin. Something Borrowed is the smash hit debut novel from Emily Giffin for every woman who has ever had a complicated love hate friendship. The basis for the blockbuster movie starring Kate Hudson, Ginnifer Goodwin, and John Krasinski! Rachel White is the consummate good girl. A hard working attorney at a large Manhattan law firm and a diligent maid of honor to her charmed best friend Darcy, Rachel has always played by all the rules. Since grade school, she has watched Darcy shine, quietly accepting the sidekick role in their lopsided friendship. But that suddenly changes the night of her thirtieth birthday when Rachel finally confesses her feelings to Darcy's fiance, and is both horrified and thrilled to discover that he feels the same way. As the wedding date draws near, events spiral out of control, and Rachel knows she must make a choice between her heart and conscience. In so doing, she discovers that the lines between right and wrong can be blurry, endings aren't always neat, and sometimes you have to risk everything to be true to yourself."
Something Borrowed Something Blue by Elaine Barbieri Constance O'Banyon Evelyn Rogers Bobbi Smith. No description available
The Major Plays by Anton Chekhov Ann Dunnigan Rosamund Bartlett Robert Brustein. No description available
The Complete Plays by Anton Chekhov Laurence Senelick. No description available
Anton Chekhov's Selected Plays by Anton Chekhov Laurence Senelick. No description available
Short Stories by Anton Chekhov Ralph E. Matlaw. No description available
Ward No. 6 and Other Stories by Anton Chekhov David Plante Constance Garnett. No description available
The Dark Descent by David G. Hartwell Clive Barker Ray Bradbury John Collier Shirley Jackson Stephen King Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
The Medusa in the Shield by David G. Hartwell Robert Aickman Charlotte Perkins Gilman William Faulkner Robert Smythe Hichens Richard Matheson Joanna Russ Dennis Etchison D.H. Lawrence Tanith Lee Flannery O'Connor Ramsey Campbell Thomas M. Disch Henry James Theodore Sturgeon Clive Barker Edgar Allan Poe Stephen King Michael Bishop H.P. Lovecraft J. Sheridan Le Fanu. No description available
A Fabulous Formless Darkness by David G. Hartwell Fritz Leiber Fitz James O'Brien Shirley Jackson Ambrose Bierce Edith Wharton Algernon Blackwood Thomas M. Disch Robert Aickman Philip K. Dick Gene Wolfe Charles Dickens Stephen King Joyce Carol Oates Walter de la Mare Ivan Turgenev Robert W. Chambers Oliver Onions. No description available
The Dark Descent Vol 1 The Color of Evil by David G. Hartwell. No description available
Bargaining for Advantage Negotiation Strategies for Reasonable People by G. Richard Shell. No description available
The Silence of the Lambs and Red Dragon by Thomas Harris. No description available
The Silence of the Lambs by Yvonne Tasker. No description available
"King Solomon's Mines Allan Quatermain 1 by H. Rider Haggard. Before there was Indiana Jones there was Allan Quartermain the original explorer, treasure hunter, and adventurer. The Quartermain books have captivated readers for more than a century, spawning more than a dozen movies and a host of imitators. Thrill with Allan as he discovers the mythical King Solomon's Mines and their not so mythical curse. These are adventure stories in the grandest tradition."
Mine All Mine! A Book About Pronouns by Ruth Heller. No description available
A Faith Like Mine by Laura Buller D.K. Publishing. No description available
Speaks the Nightbird Matthew Corbett 1 by Robert R. McCammon. No description available
The Bishop's Boys A Life of Wilbur and Orville Wright by Tom D. Crouch. No description available
The Insomnia Answer A Personalized Program for Identifying and Overcoming the Three Types of Insomnia by Paul Glovinsky Art Spielman. No description available
Cognitive Behavioral Treatment of Insomnia A Session By Session Guide by Michael L. Perlis Carla Jungquist Michael T. Smith. No description available
Healing Therapies for Overcoming Insomnia by Peter Van Houten Rich McCord. No description available
The Attraction by Douglas Clegg. No description available
Nightmare House Harrow House 1 by Douglas Clegg. No description available
The Abandoned Harrow House 4 by Douglas Clegg. No description available
The Nightmare Chronicles by Douglas Clegg. No description available
Mischief Harrow House 2 by Douglas Clegg. No description available
Purity Dark Coming of Age 1 by Douglas Clegg. No description available
The Hour Before Dark by Douglas Clegg. No description available
The Halloween Man by Douglas Clegg. No description available
The Sisters The Saga of the Mitford Family by Mary S. Lovell. No description available
Soldiers of Salamis by Javier Cercas Anne McLean. No description available
Spandau The Secret Diaries by Albert Speer. No description available
El coronel no tiene quien le escriba by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. No description available
Of Love and Other Demons by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. No description available
Noticia de un secuestro by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. No description available
Chronicle of a Death Foretold by Gabriel Garc a M rquez Gregory Rabassa. No description available
Ojos de perro azul by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. No description available
The General in His Labyrinth by Gabriel Garc a M rquez Edith Grossman. No description available
La incre ble y triste historia de la c ndida Er ndira y de su abuela desalmada by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. No description available
The Autumn of the Patriarch by Gabriel Garc a M rquez Gregory Rabassa. No description available
Relato de un n ufrago by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. No description available
Relato de Um N ufrago by Gabriel Garc a M rquez Remy Gorga Filho. No description available
The Complete Poems by William Blake Alicia Suskin Ostriker. No description available
The Marriage of Heaven and Hell by William Blake. No description available
The Stranger from Paradise A Biography of William Blake by G.E. Bentley Jr.. No description available
The Complete Stories and Poems by Edgar Allan Poe. No description available
Complete Tales and Poems by Edgar Allan Poe. No description available
The Edgar Allan Poe Audio Collection by Edgar Allan Poe. No description available
18 Best Stories by Edgar Allan Poe by Edgar Allan Poe Vincent Price Chandler Brossard. No description available
Complete Poems Library of Classic Poets by Edgar Allan Poe. No description available
Edgar Allan Poe A to Z by Dawn B. Sova. No description available
Selected Letters 1940 1956 by Jack Kerouac Ann Charters. No description available
The Wild Boys by William S. Burroughs. No description available
Nova Express The Nova Trilogy 3 by William S. Burroughs. No description available
Last Words The Final Journals by William S. Burroughs James Grauerholz. No description available
The Soft Machine The Nova Trilogy 1 by William S. Burroughs. No description available
Junky by William S. Burroughs Oliver Harris Allen Ginsberg. No description available
Queer by William S. Burroughs. No description available
Cities of the Red Night by William S. Burroughs. No description available
William S. Burroughs Throbbing Gristle Brion Gysin by V. Vale Andrea Juno William S. Burroughs Throbbing Gristle Brion Gysin. No description available
Burroughs Live The Collected Interviews 1960 1997 by William S. Burroughs Sylv re Lotringer. No description available
My Education A Book of Dreams by William S. Burroughs. No description available
Trainspotting Mark Renton 2 by Irvine Welsh. No description available
Trainspotting by Murray Smith. No description available
Trainspotting by Irvine Welsh Eric Lindor Fall. No description available
Marabou Stork Nightmares by Irvine Welsh. No description available
You'll Have Had Your Hole by Irvine Welsh. No description available
Ecstasy by Irvine Welsh Alain Defoss. No description available
Filth by Irvine Welsh. No description available
The Female Brain by Louann Brizendine. No description available
Imaginary Friends by Nora Ephron. No description available
Scribble Scribble Notes on the Media by Nora Ephron. No description available
Life Amongst the Modocs by Joaquin Miller Alan Rosenus Malcolm Margolin. No description available
Devil's Backbone by Terry C. Johnston. No description available
Soldados de Salamina by Javier Cercas. No description available
Rule 1 The Simple Strategy for Successful Investing in Only 15 Minutes a Week! by Phil Town. No description available
Laguna I Love You The Best of Our Town by John Weld Phil Interlandi. No description available
"Dirty Italian Everyday Slang from What's Up? to F Off! by Gabrielle Ann Euvino Lindsay Mack. Learn the slang words, modern phrases, and curses they definitely never taught you in Italian class with this super handy and hilariously improper English Italian phrasebook. You already know enough Italian to get by, but you want to be able to tell those inside jokes, greet your friends in a laid back manner, and casually pick someone up at a bar. From What s up? to Wanna go home with me? Dirty Italian will teach you how to speak like you're a regular on the streets of Milan or Rome. But you ll also discover material that goes beyond a traditional phrasebook, including Hilarious insults Provocative facts Explicit swear words Themed Italian cocktails And more! Next time you re traveling or chatting with your Italian friends, pick up this book, drop the textbook formality, and get dirty!"
The Deep Dive 2 by Gordon Korman. The adventure runs deep in this second action packed installment of Gordon Korman's sunken treasure trilogy.
"The Discovery Dive 1 by Gordon Korman. Sharks, shipwreck, and sunken treasure in the latest adventure trilogy from Gordon Korman.Four kids are on a marine expedition for the summer, diving to explore an underwater habitat that's just been altered by a seismic event. What they find, though, is much more than fish it's sunken treasure. Can they salvage it without anyone else getting to it first? Will the prospect of wealth set them against one another? And what about those sharks . . . .DIVE is another action packed trilogy from Gordon Korman. The narrative will shift between an account of two kids caught in the shipwreck and the story of the four kids fighting over and desperately trying to get the treasure."
New York City's Best Dive Bars Drinking and Diving in the Five Boroughs by Wendy Mitchell June Kim. No description available
"The Stowaway Solution On The Run 4 by Gordon Korman. The thrills take to the seas in the latest breakneck speed adventure from ace storyteller Gordon Korman.Aiden and Meg Falconer are on the hunt for the one man who might be able to free their parents from jail. The hitch? There are plenty of other people on the hunt for THEM, including the FBI and an eerie, hairless killer. After one close call too many, the Falconers find themselves stowed away on a ship but the chase doesn't end there. Instead, it moves to close quarters, where every step, every breath, could get them caught."
"The Abduction Kidnapped 1 by Gordon Korman. The emotionally gripping new thriller by the author of theinternational bestseller, THE COLOUR OF LAW"
The Fugitive Factor On The Run 2 by Gordon Korman. No description available
"Chasing The Falconers On The Run 1 by Gordon Korman. Two kids break out of a juvenile detention center and become fugitives in order to clear their convicted parents' names in this heartstopping series from kid read master Gordon Korman.Aidan and Meg Falconer are their parents' only hope. The Falconers are facing life in prison unless Aidan and Meg can follow a trail of clues to prove their innocence. The problem? Right now they're trapped in a juvenile detention center. Until they escape one night and find themselves on the run, both from the authorities and from a sinister attacker t who has his own reason to stop them. The Falconers must use their wits to make it across the country ... with plenty of tests along the way. Gordon Korman takes readers into FUGITIVE territory with thrilling results."
Losing Joe's Place by Gordon Korman. No description available
Something Fishy at Macdonald Hall Macdonald Hall 7 by Gordon Korman. No description available
The Zucchini Warriors Macdonald Hall 5 by Gordon Korman. No description available
The Contest Everest Trilogy by Gordon Korman. No description available
The Deep Dive Trilogy by Gordon Korman. No description available
No More Dead Dogs by Gordon Korman. No description available
Radio Fifth Grade by Gordon Korman. No description available
The Climb Everest Trilogy by Gordon Korman. No description available
"The Contest Everest 1 by Gordon Korman. A thrilling adventure trilogy from Gordon Korman that follows a group of young climbers to the top of Mt. Everest! The height of competition.Who will be the youngest person ever to climb Mount Everest? It's the ultimate test of endurance and skill. The mountain has claimed the lives of many climbers.Now Summit Athletic, the sports drink and energy bar company, is sponsoring a reality contest twenty of the county's youngest climbers competing for four spots in a chance to climb Everest, the tallest mountain the world. The competition is fierce, and the kids haven't even finished with boot camp in the Rockies. Some aren't ready for what they will face. And some will stop at nothing to get to the top."
"The Eternal Flame Merlin 11 by T.A. Barron David Elliot. Avalon is under seige by the warlord Rhita Gawr, now a wrathful dragon, who is bent on destroying it. Three unlikely heroes Tamwyn, Elli, and Scree are Avalon's only hope. To succeed they must overcome enormous obstacles, both in the world around them and deep within themselves. But once they do, their success is only the beginning. Everything culminates in three great battles one deep underground, one on the muddy plains, and one high among the stars. But will there be triumph for Avalon's survival?"
The Ivy Tree by Carolyn Brown. No description available
"Street Magic The Circle Opens 2 by Tamora Pierce. Part of the 8 book Tamora Pierce reissue for Fall 2006, this title in the Circle Opens quartet features spellbinding new cover art. Coincides with the release of WILL OF THE EMPRESS in trade pb.Briar Moss been training four years as a plant mage, but he hasn't put his past behind him. He meets a street girl, Evvy, using powerful magic to polish stones for a merchant, and resolves to find her a teacher. But Briar understands the city's gangs as well as he understands Evvy. When gang warfare breaks out, he discovers that the fiercest gang is seeking a stone mage to lead them to hidden gems. Only Briar and his magic can offer Evvy protection. Swept up in a bloody conflict, Briar must decide if he's ready to make the final step away from his former life as a street rat ."
"Wolf Speaker Immortals 2 by Tamora Pierce. With the help of her animal friends, Daine fights to save the kingdom of Tortall from ambitious mortals and dangerous immortals."
Leonardo's Notebooks by Leonardo da Vinci H. Anna Suh. No description available
The Golden Notebook by Doris Lessing. No description available
G del Escher Bach An Eternal Golden Braid by Douglas R. Hofstadter. No description available
M Is for Mayflower A Massachusetts Alphabet by Margot Theis Raven Jeannie Brett. No description available
Mayflower Treasure Hunt A to Z Mysteries Super Edition 2 by Ron Roy John Steven Gurney. No description available
William Shakespeare s Romeo and Juliet Shakespeare Retellings 4 by Bruce Coville Dennis Nolan. No description available
Jennifer Hecate Macbeth William McKinley and Me Elizabeth by E.L. Konigsburg. No description available
Death of a Charming Man Hamish Macbeth 10 by M.C. Beaton. No description available
The Merchant of Venice by William Shakespeare Robert Smith Jonathan Morris. No description available
Catherine Called Birdy by Karen Cushman. No description available
How to Build a Time Machine by Paul Davies. No description available
Around the World in 8 1 2 Days Judy Moody 7 by Megan McDonald Peter H. Reynolds. A brand new friend and a big class project put Judy in an international mood in this comical new adventure. Illustrations.
"Judy Moody M.D. The Doctor is In! Judy Moody 5 by Megan McDonald Peter H. Reynolds. Judy gets a taste of her own medicine in a hilarious new episode sure to tickle your humerus aka funny bone and put you in a very Judy Moody mood! She took her own temperature. With the fancy thermometer that beeped. It was not normal. It was not 98.6. Judy's temperature was 188.8! Judy's temperature was 00.0! Judy's temperature was beep beep beep beep beep. She, Judy Moody, had the temperature of an outer space alien! Judy Moody has a mood for every occasion, and now, she, Judy Moody, is in a medical mood! It's no secret that Judy wants to be like Elizabeth Blackwell, first woman doctor, when she grows up. So when Class 3T starts to study the Amazing Human Body, Judy can hardly wait to begin her better than best ever third grade projects show and tell with something way rarer than a scab, a real live ooey gooey operation, and a cloning experiment that may create double trouble for Judy and her friends. RARE!"
Judy Moody Predicts the Future Judy Moody 4 by Megan McDonald Peter H. Reynolds. Includes 1 detachable sheet of color stickers.
Judy Moody Declares Independence Judy Moody 6 by Megan McDonald Peter H. Reynolds. No description available
"Judy Moody Gets Famous! Judy Moody 2 by Megan McDonald Peter H. Reynolds. This sequel to JUDY MOODY handily matches the original in zip and wit. . . . Even Judy could spell two words that describe both the plot and its heroine f r e s h and f u n n y. PUBLISHERS WEEKLY starred review Everyone knows that Judy Moody has a mood for every occasion, and this time she s in a jealous mood. Jealous of classmate Jessica Finch, that is, who gets her picture on the front page of the newspaper, just for winning a spelling bee. But when Judy Moody sets off in pursuit of her own fame and happiness, watch out! She is so determined, she just might find it or will she merely become more infamous than ever?"
"Judy Moody Saves the World! Judy Moody 3 by Megan McDonald Peter H. Reynolds. When Judy Moody gets serious about protecting the environment, her little brother Stink thinks she's overdoing it, but she manages to inspire her third grade class to undertake an award winning, environment saving project."
Amelia's Notebook Amelia's Notebooks 1 by Marissa Moss. No description available
"Amelia's 6th Grade Notebook Amelia's Notebooks 15 by Marissa Moss. Amelia writes all about the 6th grade in this sweet and silly installment of the bestselling Amelia series! It s time to open the door to middle school and Amelia can t wait. There s only one bad thing, but it is a big bad thing her sister, Cleo, who thinks she s better than everyone else is in the same school now. But she s in 8th grade, so Amelia can try to ignore her just like at home. But what Amelia didn t count on was her history teacher, Mr. Lambaste grumpy and mean and a BIG BULLY. But he s the teacher so what can Amelia do?"
Charlotte's Web by E.B. White Garth Williams Rosemary Wells. No description available
Charlotte's Web by E.B. White Garth Williams Kate DiCamillo. No description available
Charlotte's Web Wilbur Finds a Friend by Jennifer Frantz E.B. White Aleksey Ivanov Olga Ivanov. No description available
Secrets of the Scorpion by Jed Carleton Shawn Carman Seth Mason Robert Lee Travis Heerman Aaron Medwin Matthew S. Armstrong D.J. Trindle Cris Dornaus Eric Steiger. No description available
The Runaway Jury by John Grisham. No description available
"The Boys Start the War Boy Girl Battle 1 by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor. Just when the Hatford brothers were expecting three boys to move into the house across the river, where their best friends, the Bensons, used to live, the Malloys arrive instead. Wally and his brothers decide to make Caroline and her sisters so miserable that they'll want to go back to Ohio, but they haven't counted on the ingenuity of the girls. From dead fish to dead bodies, floating cakes to floating heads, the pranks and tricks continue first by the boys, then the girls until someone is taken prisoner! Will the Malloys leave West Virginia? Will the Bensons come back? Trust the four Hatford boys and the three Malloy girls to do anything to get one up on each other in this fun filled war of the wits. Readers will cheer for their favorites in this lively story of two feuding families written by Newbery Medal winner Phyllis Reynolds Naylor. Watch for the continuing chronicles of the Hatfords and the Malloys in The Girls Get Even."
The Boys Start the War the Girls Get Even by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor. No description available
Boys Against Girls Sweet Valley Twins 17 by Francine Pascal Jamie Suzanne. Sweet Valley Twins 17.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Through the Looking Glass by Lewis Carroll John Tenniel Martin Gardner. No description available
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland A Pop Up Adaptation by Robert Sabuda Lewis Carroll. No description available
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass by Lewis Carroll John Tenniel Tan Lin. No description available
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll Helen Oxenbury. No description available
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass Alice's Adventures in Wonderland 1 2 by Lewis Carroll Hugh Haughton John Tenniel. A little girl falls down a rabbit hole and discovers a world of nonsensical and amusing characters.
The Art of Warfare by Sun Tzu Roger T. Ames. No description available
"The Black Ice Harry Bosch 2 Harry Bosch Universe 2 by Michael Connelly. When an LAPD narcotics officer is found with a fatal bullet wound and a suicide note, Detective Harry Bosch follows a bloody trail of drug murders across the Mexico border. Working the case, LAPD detective Harry Bosch is reminded of the primal police rule he learned long ago Don't look for the facts, but the glue that holds them together. Soon Harry's making some very dangerous connections, starting with a dead cop and leading to a bloody string of murders that wind from Hollywood Boulevard to the back alleys south of the border. Now this battle scarred veteran will find himself in the center of a complex and deadly game one in which he may be the next and likeliest victim."
"Black Ice Ice 1 by Anne Stuart. In 1972 Lorene Cary, a bright, ambitious black teenager from Philadelphia, was transplanted into the formerly all white, all male environs of the elite St. Paul's School in New Hampshire, where she became a scholarship student in a boot camp for future American leaders. Like any good student, she was determined to succeed. But Cary was also determined to succeed without selling out. This wonderfully frank and perceptive memoir describes the perils and ambiguities of that double role, in which failing calculus and winning a student election could both be interpreted as betrayals of one's skin. Black Ice is also a universally recognizable document of a woman's adolescence it is, as Houston Baker says, a journey into selfhood that resonates with sober reflection, intellignet passion, and joyous love."
A Cavern of Black Ice Sword of Shadows 1 by J.V. Jones. No description available
"White Sky Black Ice Nathan Active Mystery 1 by Stan Jones. In the small Alaskan village of Chukchi, what are the odds of two suicides occurring in a matter of a few days? State trooper Nathan Active discovers that his suspicions concerning the deaths are well founded the two men were murdered. But what was the motive and who killed them?"
Thus Spake the Corpse An Exquisite Corpse Reader 1988 98 Vol 1 Poetry Essays by Andrei Codrescu Laura Rosenthal. No description available
Thus Spoke Zarathustra by Friedrich Nietzsche. No description available
A World Lit Only by Fire by William Manchester Barrett Whitener. No description available
War Comes to Willy Freeman Arabus Family Saga 1 by James Lincoln Collier Christopher Collier. No description available
Skellig Skellig 1 by David Almond. No description available
Skellig The Play by David Almond. No description available
Les Mis rables by Victor Hugo Charles E. Wilbour. No description available
Les Mis rables by Victor Hugo Charles E. Wilbour James K. Robinson. No description available
Les Mis rables by Victor Hugo Charles E. Wilbour Peter Washington. No description available
Les Miserables Stepping Stones by Monica Kulling Victor Hugo. No description available
Because Of Winn Dixie by Kate DiCamillo. No description available
At the Edge of the World Crispin 2 by Avi. No description available
The Story of Avis by Elizabeth Stuart Phelps Carol Phillips. No description available
Poppy by Avi. No description available
Poppy's Return by Avi Brian Floca. No description available
The Secret School by Avi. No description available
The Pen Is Mightier Than The Sword The Amazing Days of Abby Hayes 6 by Anne Mazer Monica Gesue. No description available
"Have Wheels Will Travel The Amazing Days of Abby Hayes 4 by Anne Mazer Monica Gesue. Abby's sick of being the only Hayes with hand me downs. She is determined to buy her own rollerblades instead of having to use the battered old pair of her sister. But no matter how much money she earns doing odd jobs, she always seems to spend her profits on other things. Will Abby stick to a plan to save her money?"
Out of Sight Out of Mind The Amazing Days of Abby Hayes 9 by Anne Mazer Monica Gesue Joyce White. No description available
The Best Is Yet to Come The Amazing Days of Abby Hayes Super Special 1 by Anne Mazer. No description available
Violet Makes A Splash Sister Magic by Anne Mazer Bill Brown. No description available
The Trouble With Violet by Anne Mazer Bill Brown. No description available
"Knowledge Is Power The Amazing Days of Abby Hayes 15 by Anne Mazer. For use in schools and libraries only. Abby starts middle school with the help of something called Sixth Grade Revealed that was in her sister Isabelle's room, but even so, on the first day she makes an embarrassing mistake and fears that she will never live it down."
The Trumpet of the Swan by E.B. White Fred Marcellino. No description available
"Ella Enchanted Ella Enchanted 1 by Gail Carson Levine. In this novel based on the story of Cinderella, Ella struggles against the childhood curse that forces her to obey any order given to her."
Sachs Violens by Peter David George P rez. No description available
Nicomachean Ethics by Aristotle Joe Sachs. No description available
Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird Bloom's Guides by Harold Bloom Harper Lee. No description available
His Dark Materials by Nicholas Wright Philip Pullman. No description available
His Dark Materials New Edition by Nicholas Wright Philip Pullman. No description available
His Dark Materials Trilogy Northern Lights The Subtle Knife The Amber Spyglass by Philip Pullman. No description available
The Cricket in Times Square by George Selden Garth Williams. No description available
Lucie Babbidge's House by Sylvia Cassedy. No description available
Nine Horses by Billy Collins. No description available
The Apple that Astonished Paris by Billy Collins. No description available
"The Circle Dan Lenson 3 by David Poyer. From the bestselling author of The Circle, The Med, The Gulf, The Passage, Tomahawk, China Sea, Black Storm, and The Command . . . a heartstopping thriller of danger and conspiracy at the highest levels of command and government. Medal of Honor winner Commander Dan Lenson wonders who proposed that he be assigned to the White House military staff. It's a dubious honor serving a president the Joint Chiefs hate more than any other in modern history. Lenson reports to the West Wing to direct a multiservice team working to interdict the flow of drugs from Latin America. Never one to just warm a chair, he sets out to help destroy the Cartel and uncovers a troubling thread of clues that link cunning and ruthless drug lord Don Juan Nu ez to an assault on a nuclear power plant in Mexico, an obscure Islamic relief agency in Los Angeles, and an air cargo company's imminent flight plan across the United States. Lenson has to battle civilian aides and his own distaste for politics to derail a terrorist strike over the Mexican border. His punishment for breaking the rules to do so is to be sent to the East Wing . . . as the military aide carrying the nuclear football, the locked briefcase with the secret codes for a nuclear strike, for a president he suspects is having an affair with his wife. And something else is going on beneath the day to day turmoil and backstabbing. As his marriage deteriorates and his frustration with Washington builds, Lenson becomes an unwitting accomplice in a dangerous and subversive conspiracy. The U.S. military is responsible for its Commander in Chief's transportation and security. If someone felt strongly enough about it . . . it would be easy for the president to die."
The Sorority Samantha Sorority Trilogy 3 by Tamara Thorne. No description available
Trickster's Choice Daughter of the Lioness 1 by Tamora Pierce. No description available
"Trickster's Choice Daughter of the Lioness 1 by Tamora Pierce Trini Alvarado. When you gamble with kingdoms, all bets are off. Legends are born in this thrilling and New York Times bestselling spy saga from the fantasy author who is legend herself Tamora Pierce. Aly is from a family known for great deeds. She is the daughter of Alanna, the famed knight and King s Champion of Tortall. But even though she is bold and brave, like her mother, her true talents lie on her father s side, in the art of spying. When Aly is captured by pirates and sold as a slave to an exiled royal family in the faraway Copper Isles, she strikes a bargain with the trickster god. If she can keep young noblewomen Sarai and Dove safe for the summer, then he will return Aly to her family. The task should be simple, but Sarai and Dove are anything but. It s a time of murderous plotting at court, and Aly will need to rely on her training and the insights of a strange young man named Nawat to survive in a world where trust can cost you your life. Tamora Pierce s books shaped me not only as a young writer but also as a young woman. She is a pillar, an icon, and an inspiration. Cracking open one of her marvelous novels always feels like coming home. SARAH J. MAAS, 1 New York Times bestselling author Tamora Pierce didn t just blaze a trail. Her heroines cut a swath through the fantasy world with wit, strength, and savvy. Her stories still lead the vanguard today. Pierce is the real lioness, and we re all just running to keep pace. LEIGH BARDUGO, 1 New York Times bestselling author"
Video Girl Ai Vol. 15 Len's Story by Masakazu Katsura. No description available
"The Ships of Earth Homecoming Saga 3 by Orson Scott Card. The City of Basilica has fallen. Now Wetchik, Nafai, and all their family must brave the desert wastes, and cross the wide continents to where Harmony's hidden spaceport lies silent, abandoned, waiting for the command to make the great interstellar ships ready for flight again. But of these sixteen people, only a few have chosen their exile. The others, Rasa's spiteful daughters and their husbands Wetchik's oldest son, Elemak, have been forced against their will. Their anger and hatreds will make the difficult journey harder. Orson Scott Card's Homecoming series The Memory of Earth The Call of Earth The Ships of Earth Earthfall Earthborn At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
Heathersleigh Homecoming Secrets of Heathersleigh Hall 3 by Michael R. Phillips. No description available
Bait and Switch The Futile Pursuit of the American Dream by Barbara Ehrenreich. No description available
For Her Own Good Two Centuries of the Experts' Advice to Women by Barbara Ehrenreich Deirdre English. No description available
Fear of Falling The Inner Life of the Middle Class by Barbara Ehrenreich. No description available
On Duties De Officiis by Marcus Tullius Cicero Walter Miller. No description available
Peony in Love by Lisa See. No description available
See How She Dies by Lisa Jackson. No description available
Chuck Klosterman IV A Decade of Curious People and Dangerous Ideas by Chuck Klosterman. No description available
Fargo Rock City A Heavy Metal Odyssey in Rural North Dakota by Chuck Klosterman. No description available
i am 8 bit Art Inspired by Classic Videogames of the '80s by Jon M. Gibson Chuck Klosterman. No description available
No Idle Hands The Social History of American Knitting by Anne Macdonald. No description available
How to be Idle by Tom Hodgkinson. No description available
The Stuffed Owl An Anthology of Bad Verse by D.B. Wyndham Lewis Charles Lee Billy Collins Max Beerbohm. No description available
The Complete Aubrey Maturin Novels 5 Volumes by Patrick O'Brian. No description available
The Hundred Days Aubrey Maturin 19 by Patrick O'Brian. No description available
The Final Unfinished Voyage of Jack Aubrey Aubrey Maturin 21 by Patrick O'Brian Richard Snow. No description available
"The Truelove Aubrey Maturin 15 by Patrick O'Brian. In a thrilling finale, Patrick O'Brian delivers all the excitement his many readers expect Aubrey and the crew of the Surprise impose a brutal pax Britannica upon the islanders in a pitched battle against a band of headhunting cannibals."
Blue at the Mizzen Aubrey Maturin 20 by Patrick O'Brian. No description available
Field Guide to Home Buying in America by Mark LeVine Michael Pollan Stephen M. Pollan. No description available
Gilliam on Gilliam Directors on Directors by Terry Gilliam Ian Christie. No description available
The Adventures of Baron Munchausen The Illustrated Screenplay by Terry Gilliam Charles McKeown. No description available
The Complete Monty Python's Flying Circus All the Words Vol. 2 by Graham Chapman John Cleese Terry Gilliam Eric Idle Terry Jones Michael Palin. No description available
The Pythons Autobiography by The Pythons by Graham Chapman John Cleese Terry Gilliam Eric Idle Terry Jones Michael Palin Bob McCabe. No description available
The Complete Monty Python's Flying Circus All the Words Volume 1 by Graham Chapman Eric Idle Terry Gilliam John Cleese Terry Jones Michael Palin Roger Wilmut. No description available
The Gangs of New York by Herbert Asbury Jorge Luis Borges. No description available
All Around the Town by Herbert Asbury. No description available
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain Shelly Fisher Fishkin. No description available
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer Adventures of Tom and Huck 1 by Mark Twain Scott McKowen. No description available
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer Adventures of Tom and Huck 1 by Mark Twain Guy Cardwell John Seelye. No description available
The Moon in Hiding The Green Lion Trilogy 2 by Teresa Edgerton. No description available
The Short Stories Vol 3 by Ernest Hemingway Stacy Keach. No description available
Selections from the Oakland Tribune Archives Images of America California by Annalee Allen. No description available
Sebastopol Images of America California by Western Sonoma County Historical Society. No description available
Center City Philadelphia in the 19th Century Images of America Pennsylvania by Library Company of Philadelphia. No description available
Juneau and Sauk Counties 1850 2000 Images of America Wisconsin by Jacqueline Ann Sheila Z.. No description available
Paris Spleen by Charles Baudelaire Louise Var se. No description available
The Writer of Modern Life Essays on Charles Baudelaire by Walter Benjamin Michael W. Jennings Rodney Livingstone Edmund F.N. Jephcott Harry Zohn Howard Eiland. No description available
Flowers of Evil and Other Works Les Fleurs du Mal et Oeuvres Choisies A Dual Language Book Dover Foreign Language Study Guides English and French Edition by Charles Baudelaire Wallace Fowlie. No description available
On Wine and Hashish by Charles Baudelaire Andrew Brown Margaret Drabble. No description available
Intimate Journals by Charles Baudelaire Christopher Isherwood W.H. Auden. No description available
The Painter of Modern Life and Other Essays Phaidon Arts and Letters by Charles Baudelaire Jonathon Mayne. No description available
Candide by Voltaire Larousse. No description available
Candide by Voltaire Mona Mulhair. No description available
The Handbook The Encheiridion by Epictetus Nicholas P. White. No description available
A Manual for Living by Epictetus Sharon Lebell. No description available
Discourses Books 3 4. The Enchiridion Loeb Classical Library 218 by Epictetus William A. Oldfather. No description available
A Stranger Came Ashore by Mollie Hunter Lisa Falkenstern. No description available
Rob Roy MacGregor by Nigel Tranter. No description available
Rob Roy by Walter Scott. No description available
From Glencoe to Stirling Rob Roy the Highlanders Scotlands Chivalric Age Tales of a Scottish Grandfather 3 by Walter Scott George Grant. No description available
Myths of the Norsemen Retold from the Old Norse Poems and Tales by Roger Lancelyn Green Alan Langford. No description available
D'Aulaires' Book of Norse Myths by Ingri d'Aulaire Edgar Parin d'Aulaire Michael Chabon. No description available
Penguin Book Of Norse Myths Gods Of The Vikings by Kevin Crossley Holland. No description available
The Prose Edda by Snorri Sturluson Jesse L. Byock. No description available
Exploring the Northern Tradition A Guide to the Gods Lore Rites and Celebrations From the Norse German and Anglo Saxon Traditions by Galina Krasskova Swain W dening. No description available
Tales of the Norse Gods by Barbara Leonie Picard Rosamund Fowler. No description available
The Tristan Betrayal by Robert Ludlum. No description available
"Isolde Queen of the Western Isle Tristan and Isolde 1 by Rosalind Miles. In the golden time of Arthur and Guenevere, the Island of the West shines like an emerald in the sea one of the last strongholds of Goddess worship and Mother right. Isolde is the only daughter and heiress of Ireland s great ruling queen, a lady as passionate in battle as she is in love. La Belle Isolde, like her mother, is famed for her beauty, but she is a healer instead of a warrior, of all surgeons, the best among the isles. A natural peacemaker, Isolde is struggling to save Ireland from a war waged by her dangerously reckless mother. The Queen is influenced by her lover, Sir Marhaus, who urges her to invade neighboring Cornwall and claim it for her own, a foolhardy move Isolde is determined to prevent. But she is unable to stop them. King Mark of Cornwall sends forth his own champion to do battle with the Irish Sir Tristan of Lyonesse a young, untested knight with a mysterious past. A member of the Round Table, Tristan has returned to the land of his birth after many years in exile, only to face Ireland s fiercest champion in combat. When he lies victorious but near death on the field of battle, Tristan knows that his only hope of survival lies to the West. He must be taken to Ireland to be healed, but he must go in disguise for if the Queen finds out who killed her beloved, he will follow Marhaus into the spirit world. His men smuggle him into the Queen s fort at Dubh Lein, and beg the princess to save him. From this first meeting of star crossed lovers, an epic story unfolds. Isolde s skill and beauty impress Tristan s uncle, King Mark of Cornwall, and knowing nothing of her love for Tristan he decides to make her his queen, a match her mother encourages as a way to bind their lands under one rule. Tristan and Isolde find themselves caught in the crosscurrents of fate, as Isolde is forced to marry a man she does not love. Taking pity on her daughter, the Queen gives her an elixir that will create in her a passion for King Mark and ensure that their love will last until death. But on the voyage to Ireland, Tristan and Isolde drink the love potion by accident, sealing their already perilous love forever. So begins the first book of the Tristan and Isolde trilogy, another stunning example of the storyteller s craft from Rosalind Miles, author of the beloved and bestselling Guenevere trilogy."
The Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Women by Tristan Taormino. No description available
Oh The Places You ll Go! by Dr. Seuss. No description available
Toys Go Out Being the Adventures of a Knowledgeable Stingray a Toughy Little Buffalo and Someone Called Plastic Toys 1 by Emily Jenkins Paul O. Zelinsky. Black Mesa
Melville His World and Work by Andrew Delbanco. No description available
"Racso and the Rats of NIMH Rats of NIMH 2 by Jane Leslie Conly Leonard B. Lubin. Racso, a brash and boastful little rodent, is making his way to Thorn Valley, determined to learn how to read and write and become a hero. His bragging and lies get him off to a bad start, but a crisis gives him the opportunity to prove his mettle. A worthy successor to Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH, a Newbery Medal winner by the author's father .' 'BL. 1986 Children's Editors' Choices BL Children's Choices for 1987 IRA CBC Notable 1986 Childrens' Trade Books in Social Studies NCSS CBC 1986 Children's Books NY Public Library Best Science Fiction Fantasy 1986 VOYA"
R T Margaret and the Rats of NIMH Rats of NIMH 3 by Jane Leslie Conly Leonard B. Lubin. No description available
The Dance of the Dissident Daughter by Sue Monk Kidd. No description available
Talk Talk by T. Coraghessan Boyle. No description available
Drop City by T. Coraghessan Boyle Richard Poe. No description available
Tooth and Claw by T. Coraghessan Boyle. No description available
East Is East by T. Coraghessan Boyle. No description available
After the Plague and Other Stories by T. Coraghessan Boyle. No description available
Descent of Man by T. Coraghessan Boyle. No description available
World's End by T. Coraghessan Boyle. No description available
If the River Was Whiskey Stories by T. Coraghessan Boyle. No description available
If the River Was Whiskey by T. Coraghessan Boyle. No description available
American Writers Supplement VIII by Jay Parini August Wilson. No description available
Greasy Lake Other Stories by T. Coraghessan Boyle. No description available
L'Orient c'est l'Orient by T. Coraghessan Boyle. No description available
An Acceptable Time Time Quintet 5 by Madeleine L'Engle. No description available
Conversations with Kurt Vonnegut by William Rodney Allen Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. No description available
So Yesterday by Scott Westerfeld. No description available
"Specials Uglies 3 by Scott Westerfeld. Before The Hunger Games, there was Uglies. Fast paced, chilling and thought provoking this ebook collection will leave you wondering. Beauty guaranteed but at what price? In Tally's world, at sixteen you are transformed from a repellent Ugly into a stunningly attractive Pretty, and catapulted into a high tech paradise where your only job is to have a great time. But Tally is tired of it. And the choices she makes changes her world forever. First as an ugly, then a pretty, and finally a special, Tally takes down the social infrastructure. And then, a generation later, a world obsessed with fame and instant celebrity and filled with extras will reap the consequences. This ebook boxed set includes all four titles in the international bestselling series."
"Touching Darkness Midnighters 2 by Scott Westerfeld. The Midnighters of Bixby, Oklahoma, know that their town is full of secrets. These five teenagers are the only ones who know about the mysterious hour at midnight when the world freezes, except for them and the creatures that inhabit the darkness. But they do not know why earlier generations of Midnighters all disappeared, or why they are now the only Midnighters in town. As they learn more about the secret hour's twists and turns, they uncover terrifying mysteries woven into the very fabric of Bixby's history, and a conspiracy that touches both the midnight hour and the world of daylight. At the same time, the Midnighters' own secrets start to emerge, including some that were never meant to come to light, changing the fragile dynamics among the five. This time Jessica Day is not the only Midnighter in mortal danger, and if the group can't find a way to come together, they could lose one of their own forever. A tale of betrayal, horrifying revelations, and powerful alliances, touching darkness is the second volume of the riveting Midnighters trilogy by acclaimed author Scott Westerfeld."
Pretties Uglies 2 by Scott Westerfeld. No description available
"Blue Noon Midnighters 3 by Scott Westerfeld. the darklings will hunt once again The secret hour when time freezes arrives every night at midnight in Bixby, Oklahoma. It's a dangerous time, when five teenagers are the only humans awake and dark creatures crawl out of the shadows, but at least the midnight hour is regular and predictable. Until suddenly, the blue time comes . . . in the middle of the day. The noise of school stops. Cheerleaders are frozen in midair, teachers brought to a standstill. Everything is the haunted blue color of the midnight hour. The Midnighters can't understand what's happening, but as they scramble for answers, they discover that the walls between the secret hour and real time are crumbling. Soon the dark creatures will have a chance to feed after centuries of waiting, unless these five teenagers can find a way to stop them. A desperate race against time, a mind blowing mystery of paranormal logic, a tale of ancient evil and spine chilling sacrifice blue noon is the exhilarating third volume in the Midnighters series by acclaimed author Scott Westerfeld."
Uglies Uglies 1 by Scott Westerfeld. Now repackaged in an all new edition the bestselling novel that started the whole dystopian trend.
Evolution's Darling by Scott Westerfeld. No description available
The Butterfly Tattoo by Philip Pullman. No description available
Count Karlstein by Philip Pullman Diana Bryan. No description available
The Castle of Llyr The Chronicles of Prydain 3 by Lloyd Alexander. Taran must rescue Princess Eilonwy from an adventure when she is sent away to learn to be a proper lady.
"The Book of Three The Chronicles of Prydain 1 by Lloyd Alexander. Taran is desperate for adventure, something in short supply for a lowly assistant pig keeper. When the famous oracular pig Hen Wen vanishes, Taran begins a perilous quest which demands all his courage and strength. Accompanied by his larger than life band of followers including hot headed Eilonwy and the disgruntled dwarf Doli, Taran confronts the evil forces of the Horned King, the witch Achren, and their army of lifeless cauldron born warriors."
The High King The Chronicles of Prydain 5 by Lloyd Alexander. No description available
Taran Wanderer The Chronicles of Prydain 4 by Lloyd Alexander. No description available
"Westmark Westmark 1 by Lloyd Alexander. Through massive documentation and extensive interviewing, Jeffrey A. Lefebvre explains what price the United States has paid for its relations with two weak and vulnerable arms recipients in the Horn of Africa."
The Black Cauldron The Chronicles of Prydain 2 by Lloyd Alexander. No description available
The Foundling and Other Tales of Prydain by Lloyd Alexander. No description available
The Prydain Companion A Reference Guide to Lloyd Alexander's Prydain Chronicles by Michael O. Tunnell Lloyd Alexander. No description available
A Lloyd Alexander Collection by Lloyd Alexander. No description available
The Philadelphia Adventure by Lloyd Alexander. No description available
Libra by Don DeLillo Michel Courtois Fourcy. No description available
Zorro by Isabel Allende Margaret Sayers Peden. No description available
House of Leaves by Mark Z. Danielewski. No description available
A Parchment of Leaves by Silas House. No description available
The Areas of My Expertise An Almanac of Complete World Knowledge Compiled with Instructive Annotation and Arranged in Useful Order by John Hodgman. No description available
The Complete Calvin and Hobbes by Bill Watterson. No description available
The Calvin and Hobbes Tenth Anniversary Book by Bill Watterson. No description available
It's a Magical World Calvin and Hobbes 11 by Bill Watterson. No description available
Homicidal Psycho Jungle Cat Calvin and Hobbes 9 by Bill Watterson. Calvin and Hobbes the sensationally popular comic strip dynamic duo are ready to pounce back on bestseller lists nationwide with this all new collection of daily and color Sunday cartoons. All eight previous Calvin and Hobbes collections have sold more than 1 million copies in the first year of publication.
The Days Are Just Packed by Bill Watterson. No description available
The Calvin And Hobbes Tenth Anniversary Book by Bill Watterson. No description available
Calvin and Hobbes Sunday Pages 1985 1995 An Exhibition Catalogue by Bill Watterson. No description available
Ship of Fools by Richard Paul Russo. No description available
The Rosetta Codex by Richard Paul Russo. No description available
The Illustrated Man by Ray Bradbury. No description available
The Sot Weed Factor by John Barth. No description available
The Floating Opera and The End of the Road by John Barth. No description available
Chimera by John Barth. No description available
Letters by John Barth. No description available
Scar Lover by Harry Crews. No description available
Narcisse et Goldmund by Hermann Hesse. No description available
Demian by Hermann Hesse Stanley Appelbaum. No description available
The Ship Avenged by S.M. Stirling. No description available
"Dragon's Kin Pern 17 by Anne McCaffrey Todd McCaffrey. Personable characters and superb storytelling make this an excellent choice. . . . Essential for Pern fans of all ages. Library Journal starred review The son of a miner, Kindan has no expectations for any other life. He loves his lessons with the camp s harper, but music isn t part of a miner s future. He also enjoys helping out with the camp s watch wher a creature distantly related to dragons and uniquely suited to work in dark, cold spaces but even that important job can t promise a future above the ground. Then disaster strikes. In one terrible instant, Kindan loses his family and the camp loses its watch wher. It will take a new friendship and a new responsibility to teach Kindan that even a seemingly impossible dream is never out of reach . . . and that light can be found in the deepest darkness. A guaranteed pleaser in one of SF s most splendid and longest lived sagas. Booklist Another delightful entry in the Pern series. Publishers Weekly"
"Dragonflight Pern Dragonriders of Pern 1 by Anne McCaffrey Dick Hill. Dragonflight On the planet Pern, deadly thread falls from the sky and puts all living creatures at risk. The symbiotic relationship of dragon and rider is the planet's only hope for survival. Dragonflight is the story of Lessa, the last of the noble bloodline of Ruatha Hold. The dragonriders rescue her from servitude while searching for likely candidates to impress the new dragon queen. Lessa is successful at imprinting Ramoth, the new queen, which makes her the leader of the Weyr and the mate of F'lar. As rider of the bronze dragon Mnementh, he is most suitable to lead the on going struggle against the dreaded thread. Dragonquest The deadly silver Threads are falling again. The dragonriders take to the air, their magnificent flying dragons destroying the shimmering strands before they reach the ground. F'lar has to find a better way to protect Pern before the Oldtimers dissent, or the fire lizards stir up trouble, or his brother F'nor launches a suicide mission!"
House of Stairs by William Sleator. No description available
Oddballs by William Sleator. No description available
Hell Phone by William Sleator. No description available
The Beasties by William Sleator. No description available
The Duplicate by William Sleator. No description available
Strange Attractors by William Sleator. No description available
"Parasite Pig Interstellar Pig 2 by William Sleator. Barney's stuck at a boring after school job, earning money to repay his parents after their beach house is destroyed in a battle with aliens. Of course, they don't believe that aliens did the damage. No one, in fact, realizes that sixteen year old Barney saved the world by outsmarting the visitors at their violent game, saved the world by outsmarting the visitors at their violent game, Interstellar Pig. No one but the aliens and for them the game is far from over. Barney is about to become the unwilling partner of a chatty intestinal parasite the potential snack of giant, man eating crabs and the competitor of a stinger happy seven foot wasp woman. Life just got a lot more interesting..."
The Boy Who Couldn't Die by William Sleator. No description available
Among the Dolls by William Sleator. No description available
That's Silly by William Sleator Lawrence Di Fiori. No description available
Once Said Darlene by William Sleator Steven Kellogg. No description available
Boltzmon! by William Sleator. No description available
Interstellar Pig Interstellar Pig 1 by William Sleator. Barney's boring seaside vacation suddenly becomes more interesting when the cottage next door is occupied by three exotic neighbors who are addicted to a game they call Interstellar Pig.
A Birthday for Frances by Russell Hoban Lillian Hoban. No description available
Pilgermann by Russell Hoban. No description available
How Tom Beat Captain Najork and His Hired Sportsmen Captain Najork 1 by Russell Hoban Quentin Blake. No description available
World's Fair by E.L. Doctorow. No description available
The March by E.L. Doctorow. No description available
Three Complete Novels Billy Bathgate World's Fair Loon Lake by E.L. Doctorow. No description available
The Discomfort Zone A Personal History by Jonathan Franzen. No description available
A Confederacy of Dunces by John Kennedy Toole. No description available
A Confederacy of Dunces by John Kennedy Toole Walker Percy. No description available
La conjura de los necios by John Kennedy Toole. No description available
Lost by Gregory Maguire Douglas Smith. No description available
The Dream Stealer by Gregory Maguire Diana Bryan. No description available
Four Stupid Cupids The Hamlet Chronicles 4 by Gregory Maguire Elaine Clayton. No description available
Wicked The Grimmerie by David Cote Stephen Schwartz Joan Marcus Winnie Holzman. No description available
"A Little Bit Wicked Last Man Standing 1 by Victoria Alexander. Who will be the last unmarried man standing? No man in his right mind would want to get married, but every duke, earl, and viscount knows that a fellow must do his duty in the end. So four of London's most desirable gentlemen make a wager the prize going to the one who remains unwed the longest. Gideon Pearsall, Viscount Warton, thinks he has a fair shot at winning. After all, he's managed to enjoy the favors of many a lady while resisting the parson's noose. Even when he's stopped dead in his tracks by the most scandalous woman in all of London Judith, Lady Chester he vows to have her bedded but never wedded. Beautiful, and more than a little bit naughty, Judith has always kept herself within the bounds of respectability, even while playing by her own rules. And the experience has taught her to avoid marriage. She has no desire to resist Warton's hot kisses, and his tempting touch is impossible to ignore. But soon both Judith and Gideon can't help but wonder . . . is it possible to be a little bit wicked and still follow your heart?"
My Wicked Wicked Ways by Errol Flynn Jeffrey Meyers. No description available
The Wonderful Story Of Henry Sugar and Six More by Roald Dahl. No description available
Danny The Champion of the World by Roald Dahl Jill Bennett. No description available
Danny the Champion of the World by Roald Dahl. No description available
Danny The Champion Of The World by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. No description available
Danny Champion Du Monde by Roald Dahl. No description available
The Science of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Michael Hanlon. No description available
The Dark Is Rising Sequence by Susan Cooper. No description available
The Essential Kierkegaard by S ren Kierkegaard Howard Vincent Hong Edna Hatlestad Hong. No description available
Fear and Trembling by S ren Kierkegaard Alastair Hannay. No description available
Fear and Trembling Repetition by S ren Kierkegaard Edna Hatlestad Hong Howard Vincent Hong. No description available
Either Or A Fragment of Life by S ren Kierkegaard Victor Eremita Alastair Hannay. No description available
Inside Job by Connie Willis. No description available
Miracle and Other Christmas Stories by Connie Willis. No description available
Lincoln's Dreams by Connie Willis. No description available
Uncharted Territory by Connie Willis. No description available
Passage by Connie Willis. No description available
Bellwether by Connie Willis. No description available
Writing Degree Zero by Roland Barthes Annette Lavers Colin Smith Susan Sontag. No description available
New Worlds Ancient Texts The Power of Tradition and the Shock of Discovery by Anthony Grafton. No description available
The Book of My Life by Girolamo Cardano Jean Stoner Anthony Grafton. No description available
A Crack in the Edge of the World by Simon Winchester. No description available
The Map That Changed the World William Smith and the Birth of Modern Geology by Simon Winchester. No description available
The River at the Center of the World A Journey Up the Yangtze Back in Chinese Time by Simon Winchester. No description available
Outposts Journeys to the Surviving Relics of the British Empire by Simon Winchester. No description available
Krakatoa The Day the World Exploded August 27 1883 by Simon Winchester. No description available
How the Irish Saved Civilization by Thomas Cahill. No description available
Irish Traditional Cooking Over 300 Recipes from Ireland's Heritage by Darina Allen Regina Sexton. No description available
The Scotch Irish A Social History by James Graham Leyburn. No description available
Irish Blessings by Ashley Shannon. No description available
Classical Drawing Atelier A Contemporary Guide to Traditional Studio Practice by Juliette Aristides. No description available
Common Herbs for Natural Health by Juliette De Bairacli Levy Heather Wood. No description available
The Complete Herbal Handbook for the Dog and Cat by Juliette De Bairacli Levy. No description available
El rey de Les Halles by Juliette Benzoni Francisco Rodriguez de Lecea. No description available
The Case of the Snowboarding Superstar Jigsaw Jones 29 by James Preller R.W. Alley Jamie Smith. No description available
The Case Of The Kidnapped Candy Jigsaw Jones Mystery 30 by James Preller R.W. Alley Jamie Smith. No description available
The Case of the Marshmallow Monster Jigsaw Jones 11 by James Preller R.W. Alley. No description available
The Case of the Stinky Science Project Jigsaw Jones 9 by James Preller John Speirs James Preller. No description available
The Case Of The Buried Treasure by James Preller Jamie Smith R.W. Alley. No description available
"The Case of the Mummy Mystery Jigsaw Jones 6 by James Preller John Speirs R.W. Alley. Featuring friendship, school, family, and a diverse community, these early illustrated chapter books from James Preller have it all. Got a mystery to solve? Jigsaw Jones is on the case. Eddie Becker has the idea of a lifetime, and creates plans for what he promises is going to be a million dollar invention. Then the plans get stolen. Worst of all, after Jigsaw does some digging, he suspects the principal may be the thief! Now Jigsaw has to invent a gadget of his own to find out the truth. James Preller's wry, witty, Jigsaw Jones books are once again available to inspire the next generation of young readers, featuring both new titles and classroom classics! This title has Common Core connections."
Mrs. Piggle Wiggle Mrs. Piggle Wiggle 1 by Betty MacDonald Alexandra Boiger. No description available
"Mrs. Piggle Wiggle's Magic Mrs. Piggle Wiggle 2 by Betty MacDonald Alexandra Boiger. Mrs. Piggle Wiggle helps mothers by curing the bad habits of sloppy, lazy, and precocious children."
"Hello Mrs. Piggle Wiggle Mrs. Piggle Wiggle 4 by Betty MacDonald Alexandra Boiger. The incomparable Mrs. Piggle Wiggle loves children good or bad and never scolds but has positive cures for Answer Backers, Never Want to Go to Bedders, and other boys and girls with strange habits. Now in paperback . . . for a new generation of children to enjoy. San Francisco Examiner Chronicle."
Mrs. Piggle Wiggle Treasury Mrs. Piggle Wiggle 1 2 4 by Betty MacDonald Hilary Knight. No description available
"Brightness Reef Uplift Storm Trilogy 1 by David Brin. In the centuries after the planet Jijo is abandoned for the sake of restoring ecological balance, six different species secretly colonize the planet and live in ongoing fear of being discovered and punished by the Five Galaxy patrollers."
Brightness Falls by Jay McInerney. No description available
This Side of Brightness by Colum McCann. No description available
"Dazzling Brightness Greek Myths 1 by Roberta Gellis. Roberta Gellis has reimagined the Greek myth of Hades and Persephone, in all its colorful intensity. Persephone has been restless under her domineering mother, Demeter. When Hades kidnaps her to his Underworld and teaches her what gift she has, he is threatened by the other mages to return her to Demeter. But Demeter realizes that her grown daughter has a will of her own 1st of the Myth trilogy by Roberta Gellis originally published by Pinnacle"
Bright Lights Big City by Jay McInerney Sylvie Durastanti. No description available
How it Ended by Jay McInerney. No description available
Savage Inequalities Children in America's Schools by Jonathan Kozol. No description available
Skipping Towards Gomorrah The Seven Deadly Sins and the Pursuit of Happiness in America by Dan Savage. No description available
Savage Love Straight Answers from America's Most Popular Sex Columnist by Dan Savage. No description available
The Doll's House The Sandman 2 by Neil Gaiman Steve Parkhouse Chris Bachalo Michael Zulli Mike Dringenberg Malcolm Jones III Todd Klein Clive Barker. No description available
"Dream Country The Sandman 3 by Neil Gaiman Kelley Jones Charles Vess Colleen Doran Malcolm Jones III Steve Erickson. The greatest epic in the history of comic books. The Los Angeles Times Magazine Clever, witty and beautifully rounded off. Time Out A good introduction to a spellbinding series. The Sunday Times From the 1 New York Times Best Selling Author Neil Gaiman One of the most popular and critically acclaimed graphic novels of all time, Neil Gaiman s award winning masterpiece The Sandman set the standard for mature, lyrical fantasy in the modern comics era. Illustrated by an exemplary selection of the medium s most gifted artists, the series is a rich blend of modern and ancient mythology in which contemporary fiction, historical drama, and legend are seamlessly interwoven. Four unique episodes form the tapestry of Dream Country Calliope, A Dream of a Thousand Cats, Fa ade, and the acclaimed A Midsummer Night s Dream the only comic book story ever to win the World Fantasy Award for Best Short Fiction. Also included is Gaiman s original script for Calliope, with annotations from both the writer and the artist. Collects The Sandman 17 20."
"Season of Mists The Sandman 4 by Neil Gaiman Matt Wagner George Pratt Dick Giordano Kelley Jones P. Craig Russell Mike Dringenberg Malcolm Jones III Todd Klein Harlan Ellison. An attempt to summon and imprison Death, results, instead, in the capture of Morpheus, the Sandman, who must regain the tools of his powers."
A Game of You The Sandman 5 by Neil Gaiman Shawn McManus Colleen Doran Bryan Talbot George Pratt Stan Woch Dick Giordano Todd Klein. Barbie used to dream of being a princess in a private kingdom with strange animals as her subjects. But Barbie has stopped dreaming and now her imaginary world and the real world entwine in a riveting story about gender and identity.
World's End The Sandman 8 by Neil Gaiman Mike Allred Gary Amaro Mark Buckingham David Giordano Tony Harris Steve Leialoha Vince Locke Shea Anton Pensa Alec Stevens Bryan Talbot John Watkiss Todd Klein Michael Zulli Stephen King. No description available
"The Wake The Sandman 10 by Neil Gaiman Michael Zulli Jon J. Muth Charles Vess Mikal Gilmore. This work concludes the Sandman series. Morpheus is dead. As his family and friends gather to mourn him, a new Lord of the Dreaming begins to rebuild his realm. The volume ends with The Tempest, a flashback to a moment in Morpheus' past, concerning a bargain made with William Shakespeare."
"Fables Reflections The Sandman 6 by Neil Gaiman Bryan Talbot Stan Woch P. Craig Russell Shawn McManus John Watkiss Jill Thompson Duncan Eagleson Kent Williams Todd Klein. Inspired new translations of the work of one of the world's greatest fabulists Told in an elegant style, Jean de la Fontaine's 1621 95 charming animal fables depict sly foxes and scheming cats, vain birds and greedy wolves, all of which subtly express his penetrating insights into French society and the beasts found in all of us. Norman R. Shapiro has been translating La Fontaine's fables for over twenty years, capturing the original work's lively mix of plain and archaic language. This newly complete translation is destined to set the English standard for this work. Awarded the Lewis Galanti re Prize by the American Translators Association, 2008."
Common Ground A Turbulent Decade in the Lives of Three American Families by J. Anthony Lukas. No description available
Common Ground The Water Earth and Air We Share by Molly Bang. No description available
Uncommon Ground Rethinking the Human Place in Nature by William Cronon. No description available
"Uncommon Grounds Maggy Thorsen Mystery 1 by Sandra Balzo. In her delightful debut, Balzo puts a 21st century spin on the traditional cozy, replacing tea with coffee as the comfort beverage of choice. Maggy Thorsen, a divorc e whose husband left her for his 24 year old dental hygienist, and two women friends are eager to open a coffee shop, Uncommon Grounds, in the small Wisconsin town of Brookhills, whose inhabitants include such recognizable types as the local gossip and tennis moms. In a world where Starbuck's and other chains are ubiquitous, Maggy and her friends have their work cut out for them. The challenge becomes even greater when Maggy discovers the body of one of her partners, Patricia Harper, on the floor of their coffee shop. Determined to find out who killed Patricia and why, Maggy delves into the mystery with a sense of humor that would make Miss Marple smile. In her search for the truth, she works with, and sometimes against, the new and unpredictable county sheriff, Jake Pavlik and uncovers at considerable personal risk the secrets of some of the town's most prominent citizens. Readers will want to curl up with this winner with a cappuccino or maybe even a Viennese cinnamon latte. Copyright Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ...as wonderfully rich and sharply written as anything going. What moves Balzo's book high above other writers is a sharp and often amusing skill that convinces us that this is real life and that it matters. Chicago Tribune"
The Ecological Approach to Visual Perception by James J. Gibson. No description available
Fucked By Rock Cd by Mark Manning. No description available
The Fuck Up by Arthur Nersesian. No description available
Pledged The Secret Life of Sororities by Alexandra Robbins. No description available
Uzumaki Spiral into Horror Vol. 1 by Junji Ito. No description available
Uzumaki Spiral into Horror Vol. 2. by Junji Ito. No description available
Uzumaki Spiral Into Horror Vol. 3 by Junji Ito. No description available
Dust Richard Jury 21 by Martha Grimes. No description available
The Old Wine Shades Richard Jury 20 by Martha Grimes. No description available
"The Dirty Duck Richard Jury 4 by Martha Grimes. The Dirty Duck is a pub in Shakespeare s beloved Stratford, and in this pub Miss Gwendolyn Bracegirdle of Sarasota, Florida, fresh from a performance of As You Like It, takes her last drink. A few minutes later she is slashed ear to ear, the only clue two lines from an unknown poem printed across a theater program. The razor happy murderer, it seems is stalking a group of rich American tourists. And Scotland Yard Superintendent Richard Jury, just passing through Stratford for a glimpse of the intriguing Lady Kennington, instead takes a crash course in the bloodier side of Elizabethan verse."
"Belle Ruin Emma Graham 3 by Martha Grimes. A waitress at her mother's decaying resort hotel, twelve year old Emma now has a second job as the youngest cub reporter in the history of La Porte's Conservative newspaper. But when she discovers the crumbling shell of a fabulous hotel the once sumptuous Belle Rouen in the woods near her small town of Spirit Lake, Emma never imagines that the mysteries it holds will bring her one step closer to solving a forty year old crime and force a new transgression to light."
"Jerusalem Inn Richard Jury 5 by Martha Grimes. From the rough but colorful pub that provides the book s title, to the snowboard Gothic estate nearby, the chilly English landscape has never held more atmosphere or thwarted romance. And Jury will never have a more mysterious Christmas. Five Days Before Christmas On his way to a brief holiday he thinks Jury meets a woman he could fall in love with. He meets her in a snow covered graveyard not, he thinks, the best way to begin an attachment. Four Days Before Christmas Jury meets Father Rourke, who draws for him the semiotic square a structure that might simplify thought, says the priest, but Jury s thoughts need more than symbols. Three Days Before Christmas Melrose Plant, Jury s aristocratic and unofficial assistant, arrives at Spinney Abbey, now home to a well known critic. Among the assembled snowbound guests he meets Lady Assington, Beatrice Sleight, and the painter Edward Parmenger. When they all assemble in the dining room, Lady Assington announces, I think we should have a murder."
"The Anodyne Necklace Richard Jury 3 by Martha Grimes. The third in the bestselling Richard Jury mystery series by Martha Grimes. A spinster whose passion was bird watching, a dotty peer who pinched pennies, and a baffling murder made the tiny village of Littlebourne a most extraordinary place. And a severed finger made a ghastly clue in the killing that led local constables from a corpse to a boggy footpath to a beautiful lady s mansion. But Richard Jury refused, preferring to take the less traveled route to a slightly disreputable pub, the Anodyne Necklace. There, drinks all around loosened enough tongues to link a London mugging with the Littlebourne murder and a treasure map that would chart the way to yet another chilling crime."
"The Man With a Load of Mischief Richard Jury 1 by Martha Grimes. From bestselling author Martha Grimes, Detective Chief Inspector Richard Jury is back on the case in an installment in the Richard Jury Mystery series. Long Piddleton had always been wary of newcomers. But the quiet town was stunned when the first stranger was found dead, upended in a butt of ale in the cellar of the Men with a Load of Mischief. Then the second body appeared, swinging in place of the mechanical man above the door of the Jack and Hammer. Suddenly Long Piddleton had good reason to be wary of everyone! Its cozy pubs and inns with their polished pewter and blazing hearths had become scenes of the most bizarre crimes. Who were the victims? And who was the murderer? A stranger? A maniac? Or the disarmingly friendly man next door?"
"The Five Bells and Bladebone Richard Jury 9 by Martha Grimes. When a dismembered corpse is found in the compartments of an antique writing bureau, Marshall Trueblood, recipient of the precious piece of furniture, is the first to protest I bought the desk, not the body, send it back. Who would want to kill Simon Lean, the greedy nephew of the wealthy Lady Summerston? Leave it to Superintendent Richard Jury of Scotland Yard to suggest a connection to the murder of brassy Limehouse lady named Sadie Driver, found dead near Wapping Old Stairs if that stone cold body on the slipway is really Sadie. Not even her brother, Tommy, on a visit from Gravesend, can swear to it."
Blankets by Craig Thompson. No description available
"Beauty's Release Sleeping Beauty 3 by A.N. Roquelaure Anne Rice. From Anne Rice, author of Beauty's Kingdom, the third book in the erotic Sleeping Beauty series Before E.L. James' Fifty Shades of Grey and Sylvia Day's Bared to You,, there was Anne Rice s provocative take on the timeless fairy tale Sleeping Beauty. In the final volume of Anne Rice's deliciously tantalizing erotic trilogy, Beauty's adventures on the dark side of sexuality make her the bound captive of an Eastern Sultan and a prisoner in the exotic confines of the harem. As this voluptuous adult fairy tale moves toward conclusion, all Beauty's encounters with the myriad variations of sexual fantasy are presented in a sensuous, rich prose that intensifies this exquisite rendition of Love's secret world, and makes the Beauty series and incomparable study of erotica. In it, Anne Rice, writing as A.N. Roquelaure, makes the forbidden side of passion a doorway into the hidden regions of the psyche and the heart."
A Personal Matter by Kenzabur e John Nathan. No description available
Teach Us To Outgrow Our Madness by Kenzabur e John Nathan. No description available
Rouse Up O Young Men of the New Age! by Kenzabur e. No description available
Silence by Sh saku End William Johnston. No description available
Deep River by Sh saku End Van C. Gessel. No description available
The Golden Country by Sh saku End Francis Mathy. No description available
"Eden It's an Endless World Volume 3 Eden It's an Endless World 3 by Hiroki Endo. Hiroki Endo's epic manga series returns to blow fans away with a 232 page volume crammed with jaw dropping battle sequences, strange sci fi surprises, and ambitious political power plays! Still on a mission to free his sister from the Propater organization's clutches, Elijah calls on some old friends and a few new mercenaries to devise a complex rescue plan to get Mana back but Propater agents, cyborg assassins, and new versions of their twisted Aeon super soldiers appear to block their every move! Back cover"
The Samurai by Sh saku End Van C. Gessel. No description available
Tuck Everlasting by Natalie Babbitt. No description available
The Philosophy of History by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel J. Sibree C.J. Friedrich Charles Hegel. No description available
Reason in History by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel Robert S. Hartman. No description available
The Essential Writings by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel. No description available
Introduction to the Philosophy of History with Selections from The Philosophy of Right by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel Leo Rauch. No description available
Hegel A Very Short Introduction by Peter Singer. No description available
Elements of the Philosophy of Right by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel Allen W. Wood Raymond Geuss. No description available
Von Helden Und Schelmen Tall Tales and Legends for Intermediate Students of German by Kurt Reiter. No description available
Mein Urgro vater die Helden und ich by James Kr ss. No description available
American Dragons Twenty five Asian American Voices by Laurence Yep Kam Mak Ann Tashi Slater. No description available
The Rainbow People by Laurence Yep David Wiesner. No description available
"Child of the Owl Golden Mountain Chronicles 7 by Laurence Yep. When her gambling father becomes laid up in hospital, Casey leaves behind their seedy California hotel and goes to live with her grandmother in San Francisco's Chinatown where she learns to appreciate rich Chinese heritage"
Dragon's Gate Golden Mountain Chronicles 3 by Laurence Yep. No description available
Man Who Tricked a Ghost by Laurence Yep Isadore Seltzer. No description available
The Dragon Prince A Chinese Beauty the Beast Tale by Laurence Yep Kam Mak. No description available
"The Legend of Huma Dragonlance Heroes 1 by Richard A. Knaak. New York Times bestseller In the realms of Dragonlance, the legend of one heroic knight is larger than life . . . When word spreads that goblins are roaming nearby, Huma Dragonbane, a Knight of the Crown, is sent to patrol the woods and fend off chaos. It is there that he stumbles upon a tortured minotaur, Kaz, who he swiftly frees from vicious goblin captors. So beings an unlikely but powerful friendship one that will plunge Huma and Kaz into a deadly battle against the treacherous Knights of Solamnia and the dark goddess Takhisis. Even with the power of the legendary Silver Dragon at their side, Huma and Kaz face overwhelming odds . . . Only fragments of the account of Huma survived the Cataclysm that broke the world of Krynn. His story has never been fully told until now."
Investing in Real Estate by Andrew James McLean Gary W. Eldred. No description available
No god but God The Origins Evolution and Future of Islam by Reza Aslan. No description available
"Flashman on the March The Flashman Papers 12 by George MacDonald Fraser. It s 1868 and Sir Harry Flashman, V.C., arch cad, amorist, cold headed soldier, and reluctant hero, is back! Fleeing a chain of vengeful pursuers that includes Mexican bandits, the French Foreign Legion, and the relatives of an infatuated Austrian beauty, Flashy is desperate for somewhere to take cover. So desperate, in fact, that he embarks on a perilous secret intelligence gathering mission to help free a group of Britons being held captive by a tyrannical Abyssinian king. Along the way, of course, are nightmare castles, brigands, massacres, rebellions, orgies, and the loveliest and most lethal women in Africa, all of which will test the limits of the great bounder s talents for knavery, amorous intrigue, and survival. Flashman on the March the twelfth book in George MacDonald Fraser s ever beloved, always scandalous Flashman Papers series is Flashman and Fraser at their best."
"March Upcountry Empire of Man 1 by David Weber John Ringo. Prince Roger MacClintock is heading for a ceremonial appearance when his space ship crashes, stranding him and his guardian Royal Marines on a jungle planet held by enemy forces. To survive, they must trek to the planet's only spaceport, and a spoiled prince must learn to be a man. This is the first volume in a new series by the bestselling author of the Honor Harrington adventures."
King of the Middle March by Kevin Crossley Holland. No description available
The Dobe Ju 'hoansi by Richard B. Lee. No description available
"Ju on Volume 1 1 by Kei Ohishi Joe Swift. It was a weird case. All the clues pointed to the dead ghost as the culprit. No one knew that it was to confuse the crowd. Using a gas poisoning case as a medium, there were two people killed. One was a female police officer who was in charge of the records room at the police station, while the other was a long dead criminal. The condemned man had died before moving into the apartment, and it was terrible how the signs had led him to turn on the gas, a dead man, and to the death of the policewoman. The story slowly became complicated and confusing ..."
Get Out of My Life but First Could You Drive Me Cheryl to the Mall? by Anthony E. Wolf. No description available
"Out of Egypt Christ the Lord 1 by Anne Rice. Having completed the two cycles of legend to which she has devoted her career so far, Anne Rice gives us now her most ambitious and courageous book, a novel about the early years of CHRIST THE LORD, based on the Gospels and on the most respected New Testament scholarship. The book s power derives from the passion its author brings to the writing and the way in which she summons up the voice, the presence, the words of Jesus who tells the story."
Get Out of Your Mind and Into Your Life The New Acceptance and Commitment Therapy by Steven C. Hayes Spencer Smith. No description available
The Out of Sync Child Has Fun Activities for Kids with Sensory Processing Disorder by Carol Stock Kranowitz T.J. Wylie. No description available
Out of the Silent Planet The Space Trilogy 1 by C.S. Lewis. No description available
Coming Out by Danielle Steel. No description available
Shutting Out the Sky Life in the Tenements of New York 1880 1924 by Deborah Hopkinson. No description available
Art Out of Time Unknown Comics Visionaries 1900 1969 by Dan Nadel. No description available
The Out of Sync Child Has Fun Activities for Kids with Sensory Integration Dysfunction by Carol Stock Kranowitz T.J. Wylie Trude Turnquist. No description available
Shout Out Loud! 3 by Satosumi Takaguchi. No description available
Out by Natsuo Kirino Stephen Snyder. No description available
Disparitions by Natsuo Kirino. No description available
Die Umarmung des Todes by Natsuo Kirino. No description available
Nick Norah's Infinite Playlist by Rachel Cohn David Levithan. No description available
How to Make Money Like a Porn Star by Neil Strauss Jenna Jameson. No description available
The Mystery Method How to Get Beautiful Women Into Bed by Mystery Neil Strauss. No description available
The Dirt Confessions of the World's Most Notorious Rock Band by Neil Strauss Vince Neil Nikki Sixx Mick Mars Tommy Lee. No description available
M moires de l'Enfer by Marilyn Manson Neil Strauss Gilles Vaugeois. No description available
Una Vida Con Proposito Volumen 6 by Rick Warren. No description available
Maya by Jostein Gaarder James Anderson. No description available
The Orange Girl by Jostein Gaarder James Anderson. No description available
Sophie's World by Jostein Gaarder Paulette M ller. No description available
That Same Flower Floria Aemilia's Letter to St. Augustine by Jostein Gaarder Anne Born. No description available
Identity and Violence The Illusion of Destiny by Amartya Sen. No description available
When I Was Puerto Rican by Esmeralda Santiago. No description available
Delwau Duon Peintiadau Nicholas Evans Symphonies in Black The Paintings of Nicholas Evans by Nicholas Evans Rhonda Evans. No description available
Psychonavigation Techniques for Travel Beyond Time by John Perkins. No description available
The Stress free Habit Powerful Techniques for Health Longevity from the Andes Yucatan the Far East by John Perkins. No description available
Let Justice Roll Down by John M. Perkins Shane Claiborne. No description available
The Namesake A Portrait of the Film Based on the Novel by Jhumpa Lahiri by Mira Nair Jhumpa Lahiri. No description available
The Collected Poems of Robert Penn Warren by Robert Penn Warren John Burt Harold Bloom. No description available
The Cave by Robert Penn Warren James H. Justus Xavier P mies. No description available
The Glass Castle by Jeannette Walls Julia Gibson. No description available
The Little Baby Snoogle Fleejer by Jimmy Carter Amy Carter. No description available
Keeping Faith Memoirs of a President by Jimmy Carter. No description available
Animal Vegetable Miracle A Year of Food Life by Barbara Kingsolver Steven L. Hopp Camille Kingsolver Richard A. Houser. No description available
The Essential John Nash by John F. Nash Harold William Kuhn Sylvia Nasar. No description available
Z for Zachariah by Robert C. O'Brien. No description available
The Anatomy of Human Destructiveness by Erich Fromm. No description available
Escape from Freedom by Erich Fromm. No description available
The Art of Being by Erich Fromm Rainer Funk. No description available
Man for Himself An Inquiry into the Psychology of Ethics by Erich Fromm. No description available
Psychoanalysis and Religion by Erich Fromm. No description available
The Days of Vengeance An Exposition of the Book of Revelation by David H. Chilton. No description available
Malinche by Laura Esquivel Jordi Castells. No description available
Malinche by Laura Esquivel Jordi Castells Ernesto Mestre Reed. No description available
Faulkner A Biography by Joseph Blotner. No description available
The Best Bug Parade by Stuart J. Murphy Holly Keller. No description available
"Flight Dreams Mark Manning Mystery 1 by Michael Craft. DIVDIVA masterpiece of mystery and suspense, this is the moving story of a man struggling to come to terms with his sexuality divDIV Investigative journalist Mark Manning is on the trail of a story that could make his career. Airline heiress Helena Carter, who vanished seven years ago, is about to be declared legally dead. Her fortune, valued at over one hundred million dollars, will go to the Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago and the Federated Cat Clubs of America. divDIV divDIVManning is the only one who believes that the missing Chicago socialite is still alive. And he s just been given an ultimatum by his publisher Prove it, or he s history. Determined to keep his job and hoping to secure the five hundred thousand dollar reward from Carter s estate, as well as the coveted Partridge Prize for investigative journalism Manning enters a world of religious fanatics who could turn back the clock on gay rights. At the same time, Manning grapples with his own sexuality as he falls in love for the first time with the man of his dreams. divDIV divDIVFlight Dreams is the first book in Michael Craft s Mark Manning series, which continues with Eye Contact and Body Language. div div"
Eye Contact Mark Manning Mystery 2 by Michael Craft. No description available
"Hot Spot Mark Manning Mystery 6 by Michael Craft. During his distinguished career as a journalist, Mark Manning has seen it all riots, murder, political corruption, and every manifestation of the dark heart of the human species. But even his proven emotional resources will be stretched when the home he shares with his lover, architect Neil Waite, and his ward and nephew, Thad Quatrain, becomes the site of one of the most daunting, taxing, and potentially dangerous of all human rituals a wedding. Roxanne Exner, best friend to both Mark and Neil, is having her nuptial ceremony at their house in the normally bucolic Dumont, Wisconsin, partly because Carl Creighton, her husband to be, is in the final weeks of his campaign for lieutenant governor of Illinois. For Roxanne, Dumont will afford some needed distance from the campaign, and for the city of Dumont, it will be the social event of the season. The wedding, despite everyone's fears, comes off with nary a hitch. The reception, however, takes a disastrous turn when a local matron, who happens to be a major donor to the campaign of Creighton's rival, is killed in what appears to be a freak electrical mishap. Authorities soon discover that the electrocution was no accident. Then another shocker Roxanne herself becomes the prime suspect. If Roxanne is ever to enjoy her honeymoon, and if Carl and his running mate are to stand a chance of election, Mark finds himself in a race against the clock to solve a most perplexing murder."
"Body Language Mark Manning Mystery 3 by Michael Craft. Stuck in a midlife slump as the holidays approach, gay journalist Mark Manning returns to his hometown to visit his cousin Suzanne and her teenage son, Thad, but his happiness is short lived when Suzanne is brutally murdered, and Mark must confront sinister family secrets to find her killer. Reissue."
The Second World War by Winston S. Churchill John Keegan. No description available
Memoirs of the Second World War by Winston S. Churchill Denis Kelly. No description available
Six Degrees of Separation by John Guare. No description available
Amarse con los ojos abiertos by Jorge Bucay Silvia Salinas. No description available
McGraw Hill's SAT I McGraw Hill's SAT I by Christopher Black Mark Anestis. No description available
The Best Recipes in the World More Than 1 000 International Dishes to Cook at Home by Mark Bittman. No description available
The Minimalist Cooks at Home Recipes That Give You More Flavor from Fewer Ingredients in Less Time by Mark Bittman. No description available
The Soldiers' Tale Bearing Witness to Modern War by Samuel Hynes. No description available
How the Irish Saved Civilization The Untold Story of Ireland's Heroic Role from the Fall of Rome to the Rise of Medieval Europe by Thomas Cahill. No description available
Confessions of Saint Augustine Paraclete Living Library by Augustine of Hippo J.M. Lelen. No description available
City of God by Augustine of Hippo Henry Bettenson. No description available
An Odyssey in Learning and Perception by Eleanor J. Gibson. No description available
Complete Works of Tacitus by Tacitus Alfred J. Church William Jackson Brodribb Moses Hadas. No description available
The Agricola and The Germania by Tacitus Harold Mattingly S.A. Handford. No description available
Agricola Germania Dialogue on Oratory by Tacitus Maurice Hutton Robert Maxwell Ogilvie E.H. Warmington William Peterson Michael Winterbottom. No description available
Agricola Germany by Tacitus Anthony Richard Birley. No description available
An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations by Adam Smith. No description available
The Wealth of Nations by Adam Smith Robert B. Reich. No description available
Aquinas's Shorter Summa Saint Thomas's Own Concise Version of His Summa Theologica by Thomas Aquinas. No description available
Saint Thomas Aquinas by G.K. Chesterton Anton C. Pegis. No description available
Summa Theologica 5 Vols by Thomas Aquinas. No description available
Selected Writings by Thomas Aquinas Ralph McInerny. No description available
Selected Philosophical Writings by Thomas Aquinas Timothy McDermott. No description available
Treatise on Happiness by Thomas Aquinas John A. Oesterle. No description available
New Jewish Wedding Revised by Anita Diamant. No description available
How to Be a Jewish Parent A Practical Handbook for Family Life by Anita Diamant Karen Kushner. No description available
Every Second Counts by Lance Armstrong Sally Jenkins. No description available
The Collected Stories of Isaac Bashevis Singer by Isaac Bashevis Singer Herb Johnson. No description available
Der Golem by Isaac Bashevis Singer. No description available
Collected Stories III One Night in Brazil to The Death of Methuselah by Isaac Bashevis Singer Ilan Stavans. No description available
The Slave by Isaac Bashevis Singer Cecil Hemley. No description available
Collected Stories I Gimpel the Fool to The Letter Writer by Isaac Bashevis Singer Ilan Stavans. No description available
Blind Flight by Hilary H. Milton. No description available
Tornado! by Hilary H. Milton. No description available
From the Age of Discovery to a World at War America The Last Best Hope 1 by William J. Bennett. No description available
Democracy in America Volume 2 by Alexis de Tocqueville Eduardo Brand o Phillips Bradley Luann Walther. No description available
On Democracy Revolution and Society by Alexis de Tocqueville John Stone Stephen Mennell. No description available
The Two Tocquevilles Father and Son by R.R. Palmer. No description available
The Iron Dragon's Daughter by Michael Swanwick. No description available
The Book of Five Rings by Miyamoto Musashi Thomas Cleary. No description available
The Lord of the Rings Sketchbook by Alan Lee Ian McKellen. No description available
Birthday Ring 4 by K ji Suzuki Glynne Walley. No description available
The Book of Five Rings by Miyamoto Musashi William Scott Wilson Shiro Tsujimura. No description available
"The Deception of the Emerald Ring Pink Carnation 3 by Lauren Willig. New York Times bestselling author Lauren Willig presents the third novel in her charming Pink Carnation series... Harvard grad student Eloise Kelly has gotten into quite a bit of trouble since she started spying on the Pink Carnation and the Black Tulip two of the deadliest spies to saunter the streets of nineteenth century England and France. Not only has she unearthed secrets that will rearrange history, she's dallied with Colin Selwick and sought out a romantic adventure all her own. Little does she know that she's about to uncover another fierce heroine running headlong into history... In June 1803, Letty Alsworthy attempts to prevent her sister s midnight elopement only to be accidentally whisked away herself. The scandal forces her into a hasty marriage with Geoffrey Pinchingdale Snipe, who then decamps immediately to help the Pink Carnation quash a ring of Irish rebels led by the Black Tulip. Not to be outdone, Letty steals away to the Emerald Isle herself, ready to learn a thing or two about espionage and never imagining she might learn a few things about love along the way."
Only the Ring Finger Knows The Ring Finger Falls Silent Only the Ring Finger Knows 3 by Satoru Kannagi Hotaru Odagiri. No description available
Only the Ring Finger Knows The Left Hand Dreams of Him Only the Ring Finger Knows 2 by Satoru Kannagi Hotaru Odagiri. No description available
1000 Rings Inspiring Adornments for the Hand by Marthe Le Van Robert W. Ebendorf Lark Books. No description available
The Postman Always Rings Twice by James M. Cain. No description available
The Ring Bearer by Laura Godwin John Wallace. No description available
Legend of the Five Rings RPG by Rich Wulf Shawn Carman Seth Mason Rob Vaux Katie Yates Brian Yoon Fred Wan D.J. Trindle. No description available
The Lord of the Rings and Philosophy One Book to Rule Them All by Gregory Bassham Eric Bronson. No description available
The Ruby Ring by Diane Haeger. No description available
Only the Ring Finger Knows The Lonely Ring Finger Only the Ring Finger Knows 1 by Satoru Kannagi Hotaru Odagiri Allison Markin Powell. No description available
The Rings of Saturn by W.G. Sebald Michael Hulse. No description available
Only the Ring Finger Knows by Satoru Kannagi Hotaru Odagiri Sachiko Sato. No description available
The Ring Volume 1 by Misao Inagaki Hiroshi Takahashi. No description available
The Road To War 1933 39 by Andrew Hunt. No description available
"The Drifting Classroom Vol. 5 Drifting Classroom by Kazuo Umezu. A group of students stranded out of time face an internal power coup, a wasteland monster with a voracious appetite and a plague. As tensions mount, the kidsface a harsh truth they must venture out into the bleak world beyond the school walls in order to survive. VIZ Media"
The Drifting Classroom Vol. 1 by Kazuo Umezu. No description available
The Drifting Classroom Vol. 6 The Drifting Classroom by Kazuo Umezu. No description available
The Drifting Classroom Vol. 7 The Drifting Classroom by Kazuo Umezu. No description available
The Drifting Classroom Vol. 2 Drifting Classroom by Kazuo Umezu. No description available
The Drifting Classroom Vol. 4 Drifting Classroom by Kazuo Umezu. No description available
The Franco Prussian War by Michael Eliot Howard. No description available
My Uncle Napoleon by Iraj Pezeshkzad Dick Davis Azar Nafisi. No description available
Hadji Murad by Leo Tolstoy Aylmer Maude Louise Maude Azar Nafisi. No description available
Shahnameh The Persian Book of Kings by Abolqasem Ferdowsi Dick Davis Azar Nafisi. No description available
Killer 7 Official Strategy Guide by Brady Games. No description available
Castlevania Curse of Darkness Official Strategy Guide by Brady Games. No description available
World of Warcraft Atlas by Brady Games. No description available
Manhunt Official Strategy Guide by Tim Bogenn. No description available
"The Road to Jerusalem The Knight Templar 1 by Jan Guillou Anna Paterson. For power. For passion. For glory. The epic story of the knights templar. Born in 1150 to a noble family in the Kingdom of Western G taland, young Arn Magnusson is marked early on by a miraculous and fateful event. When the boy inexplicably recovers after falling from the parapet of his ancestral home, his mother finds herself beholden to a promise made in a moment of prayer. Arn, second born son of Magnus Folkesson, will live his life in the service of God sent from his family to do holy work and to prepare for a position in the priory. At Varnhem monastery, Arn comes of age under the tutelage of Father Henri, a Cistercian monk devoted to his aristocratic pupil's education. However, grammar, math, and logic are not the only lessons Brother Guilbert, the monastery blacksmith and former Knight Templar, finds Arn adept at training of a very different kind. Observing the boy's extraordinary talent with horse, sword, and bow, Father Henri, trusting in God's will, sends his charge into the world to fulfill a destiny that lies beyond the cloister walls. Returning home, Arn finds his monastic habits at odds with his clan's old and tested ways. Yet his family soon discovers that Arn has learned more than poetry and farm work, and he proves himself useful at a time when he is needed most. The murder of a king has brought Western G taland into a whirlwind of intrigue, and cunning lords from East and West are vying for power. And, when Arn meets the lovely Cecilia, he discovers this new and dangerous world holds other surprises too. Before he can claim her hand, however, the headstrong and na ve noble makes a fateful mistake that will wrench him from his love and send him to a foreign war to the Holy Land to battle infidels for twenty years. From the frozen landscapes of Northern Europe to the bloody battlefields of the Middle East, Arn will face brave knights, powerful queens, and treacherous kings. The first book in the international bestselling Crusades Trilogy, this thrilling epic of betrayal, faith, blood, and love sets a Shakespearian quest for power Corriere della Sera, Italy against the backdrop of the Holy Wars, witnessed through a vibrant, unorthodox lens."
Buddhism A Concise Introduction by Huston Smith Philip Novak. No description available
Cleansing the Doors of Perception The Religious Significance of Entheogenic Plants and Chemicals by Huston Smith. No description available
I'll Be Home Before Midnight and I Won't Get Pregnant by Anthony E. Wolf. No description available
Beneath the Wheel by Hermann Hesse Michael E. Roloff. No description available
Love Mode Vol. 3 by Yuki Shimizu. No description available
Love Mode Vol. 1 by Yuki Shimizu. No description available
Love Mode Vol. 5 by Yuki Shimizu. No description available
Love Mode Vol. 2 by Yuki Shimizu. No description available
Love Mode Vol. 6 by Yuki Shimizu. No description available
Balzac And The Little Chinese Seamstress by Dai Sijie Ina Rilke. No description available
Lost Illusions La Com die Humaine by Honor de Balzac Ellen Marriage George Saintsbury. No description available
The Black Sheep by Honor de Balzac Donald Adamson. No description available
A Harlot High and Low by Honor de Balzac Rayner Heppenstall. No description available
The Unknown Masterpiece by Honor de Balzac. No description available
The Girl With The Golden Eyes by Honor de Balzac. No description available
Le Chef D' uvre Inconnu by Honor de Balzac. No description available
Cousin Pons by Honor de Balzac Herbert J. Hunt. No description available
The Medium is the Massage by Marshall McLuhan Quentin Fiore Jerome Agel. No description available
Essential McLuhan by Marshall McLuhan Eric McLuhan Frank Zingrone. No description available
Understanding Media The Extensions of Man by Marshall McLuhan W. Terrence Gordon Philip B. Meggs. No description available
The Best American Sports Writing 2006 by Michael Lewis Glenn Stout. No description available
Kinfolk by Pearl S. Buck. No description available
Pearl S. Buck A Cultural Biography by Peter Conn. No description available
The Mother by Pearl S. Buck. No description available
Glamorama by Bret Easton Ellis Pierre Guglielmina. No description available
Bright Lights Big Ass by Jen Lancaster. No description available
"Morrigan's Cross Circle Trilogy 1 by Nora Roberts. As the powerful vampire Lilith prepares to quench her thirst for destruction by unleashing her fury in battle, a medieval sorcerer, one of the circle of six charged by the goddess Morrigan, must travel through time to stop her."
Rebellion The MacGregors 0.1 by Nora Roberts. No description available
Dream Makers Untamed Less of a Stranger by Nora Roberts. No description available
"Spellbound Once Upon 1 by Nora Roberts. 1 New York Times bestselling author Nora Roberts spins a tale that blurs the boundaries between reality and fantasy as a man and woman discover just how deep their bond lies and how some dreams are meant to be While on a much needed vacation in Ireland, world famous photographer Calin Farrell is bewitched by the ravishingly beautiful Bryna Torrence, even if he refuses to believe in the spell that has brought them together and could destroy them both... Spellbound previously appeared in Once Upon a Castle."
Angels Fall by Nora Roberts. No description available
True Betrayals Montana Sky Sanctuary by Nora Roberts. No description available
First Impressions by Nora Roberts. No description available
Public Secrets by Nora Roberts. No description available
The MacGregors Serena Caine The MacGregors 1 2 by Nora Roberts. No description available
"The MacGregors Alan Grant The MacGregors 3 4 by Nora Roberts. The MacGregors return in All the Possibilities, 1 New York Times bestselling author Nora Roberts story of a man and woman divided by familial history but driven towards one another by passions that refuse to be denied. Among the ambitious influencers crowding Washington D.C. s hallowed halls, Shelby Campbell stood apart from the petty politicians demanding Senator Alan MacGregor s time. Fearless in expressing her beliefs, she challenged his views with an impressive intellect that also captured his heart. However, Shelby and Alan are connected by an enmity shared between their families for generations. Unwilling to let the past decide their future, Alan commits himself to proving his love for Shelby and healing them both."
Kissing in Manhattan by David Schickler. No description available
Making Democracy Work Civic Traditions in Modern Italy by Robert D. Putnam. No description available
The Comparative Study of Political Elites by Robert D. Putnam. No description available
A Random Walk Down Wall Street by Burton G. Malkiel. No description available
A Random Walk Down Wall Street by Burton G. Malkiel Christopher Flavin. No description available
Identity Crisis by Brad Meltzer Rags Morales Michael Bair Joss Whedon. No description available
Superman Secret Identity by Kurt Busiek Stuart Immonen. No description available
The Dissociative Identity Disorder Sourcebook by Deborah Bray Haddock. No description available
Double Identity by Margaret Peterson Haddix. No description available
Identity by Milan Kundera Linda Asher. No description available
Slowness by Milan Kundera Linda Asher. No description available
Laughable Loves by Milan Kundera Suzanne Rappaport. No description available
Learned Optimism How to Change Your Mind and Your Life by Martin E.P. Seligman. No description available
Homer Price by Robert McCloskey. No description available
The Classical World An Epic History from Homer to Hadrian by Robin Lane Fox. No description available
The Children's Homer The Adventures of Odysseus and the Tale of Troy by Padraic Colum Willy Pog ny. No description available
"The Coalwood Way A Memoir Coalwood 2 by Homer Hickam. From the 1 bestselling author of October Sky comes this rich, unforgettable tale. With the same dazzling storytelling that distinguished his first memoir, Homer Hickam takes us deeper into the soul of his West Virginia hometown at a moment when its unique way of life is buffeted by forces of time and change. It is fall 1959. Homer Sonny Hickam and his fellow Rocket Boys are in their senior year at Big Creek High, and the town of Coalwood finds itself at a painful crossroads. The strains can be felt within the Hickam home, where Homer Sr. struggles to save the mine, and his wife, Elsie, is feeling increasingly isolated from both her family and the townspeople. Sonny, despite a blossoming relationship with a local girl, finds his own mood darkened by an unexplainable sadness. Then, with the holidays approaching, trouble at the mine and the arrival of a beautiful young outsider bring unexpected changes in both the Hickam family and the town of Coalwood ... as this luminous memoir moves toward its poignant conclusion."
Man's Search for Meaning by Viktor E. Frankl Ilse Lasch Harold S. Kushner William J. Winslade. No description available
Man's Search for Meaning by Viktor E. Frankl Ilse Lasch Gordon W. Allport. No description available
Good Grief The Story of Charles M. Schulz by Rheta Grimsley Johnson. No description available
Peanuts The Art of Charles M. Schulz by Chip Kidd Jean Schulz Charles M. Schulz Geoff Spear. No description available
Autobiography of a Yogi by Paramahansa Yogananda. No description available
To the Last Man A Novel of the First World War by Jeff Shaara. No description available
African Nights by Kuki Gallmann. No description available
Letters of St. Augustine by Augustine of Hippo. No description available
Love and Saint Augustine by Hannah Arendt Joanna Vecchiarelli Scott Judith Chelius Stark. No description available
Healthy Cooking for IBS 100 Delicious Recipes to Keep You Symptom Free by Sophie Braimbridge Erica Jankovich. No description available
Me vs. Me by Sarah Mlynowski. No description available
"Spells Sleeping Bags Magic in Manhattan 3 by Sarah Mlynowski. Theory What Is Magic? The Evolution of Magic The Gods The Elements of Magic Initiation and Adepthood Types of Magic White versus Black Techniques of Magic The Four Elements The Kabbalah and Its Magical Correspondences The Astral Plane Ceremonial Magic The Sacred and the Profane Books of Magic Talismanic Magic The Spirit of Sacrifice Possession and Exorcism Prophets and Magicians Witchcraft and Demonology Divination Practice Rituals and Spells Fertility Rituals Weather Control The Rites for Power Pagans, Witches, Satanists The Rites of the Persians and Babylonians The Rites of the Egyptians The Rites of the Jews The Rites of the Arabs The Rites of the Greeks and Romans The Rites of India The Rites of China and Japan The Rites of Africa The Rites of Australia The Rites of Europe The Rites of Haiti and Latin America The Rites of Mexico and North America Magical Spells Spells for Love Spells for Wealth and Success Spells to Overcome Enemies Spells for Health and Protection."
"Bras Broomsticks Magic in Manhattan 1 by Sarah Mlynowski. DIY lingerie, swimwear, and activewear made by you for you! Lingerie is more than just fabric it's the closest thing you wear to your heart! In this book, expert bra maker and designer Maddie Kulig of Madalynne Intimates teaches you how accessible and fun it is to sew undergarments that shape and support your body. You will learn the foundations of DIY lingerie, swimwear, and activewear from the history of lingerie and types of styles, to the variety of fabrics and elastics, to how to determine your size and perfect fit and start sewing with confidence. Dive into all elements of lingerie construction, from how to alter patterns to best fit your body to solving common problems and choosing the best fabric. Whether you're looking to whip up a comfy, simple bralette in a few hours or create an intricate and sexy bodysuit, there are a variety of bra, panty, swim, and lingerie projects for everyone. Includes information on creating nursing and mastectomy bras, offering alterations that suit a variety of needs."
Frogs French Kisses Magic in Manhattan 2 by Sarah Mlynowski. No description available
Big Anthony and the Magic Ring by Tomie dePaola. No description available
Patrick Patron Saint of Ireland by Tomie dePaola. No description available
The Rattle Rat by Janwillem van de Wetering. No description available
Robert Van Gulik His Life His Work by Janwillem van de Wetering Arthur P. Yin. No description available
Revolutionary Girl Utena Vol. 2 To Plant by Chiho Saito. No description available
Revolutionary Girl Utena Vol. 3 To Sprout by Chiho Saito Be Pas. No description available
Revolutionary Girl Utena Vol. 4 To Bud by Chiho Saito. No description available
Revolutionary Girl Utena Vol. 5 To Blossom by Chiho Saito Lillian Olsen Be Papas. No description available
The Enneads by Plotinus Stephen MacKenna John M. Dillon. No description available
Ennead IV Plotinus IV by Plotinus A.H. Armstrong. No description available
Anaximander Heraclitus Parmenides Plotinus Lao Tzu Nagarjuna from Great Philosophers 2 by Karl Jaspers Ralph Manheim. No description available
The Cultural Cold War The CIA and the World of Arts and Letters by Frances Stonor Saunders. No description available
Trust Fund by Stephen W. Frey. No description available
The Chairman Christian Gillette 1 by Stephen W. Frey. No description available
The Mystery of the Ancient Pyramid Cairo Egypt Around the World in 80 Mysteries by Carole Marsh. No description available
The Mystery in the Rocky Mountains by Carole Marsh. No description available
The Mystery on the Mighty Mississippi by Carole Marsh. No description available
Medal of Honor Rising Sun Prima's Official Strategy Guide by Mark Cohen. No description available
The Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion Revised Expanded Xbox360 PC Prima Official Game Guide by Peter Olafson. No description available
Social Intelligence The New Science of Human Relationships by Daniel Goleman. No description available
The Power of Truth A Leading with Emotional Intelligence Conversation with Warren Bennis by Daniel Goleman Warren Bennis. No description available
Emotional Intelligence Why It Can Matter More Than IQ by Daniel Goleman. No description available
Healing Emotions Conversations with the Dalai Lama on Mindfulness Emotions and Health by Daniel Goleman. No description available
The MacMillan Bible Atlas by Yohanan Aharoni Michael Avi Yonah. No description available
Paris 1919 Six Months that Changed the World by Margaret MacMillan Richard Holbrooke. No description available
Scripta Minora Hiero Agesilaus Constitution of the Lacedaemonians Ways Means Cavalry Commander Art of Horsemanship On Hunting Constitution of the Athenians by Xenophon Edgar C. Marchant G.W. Bowersock. No description available
Primary English Knowledge and Understanding by Jane Medwell David Wray. No description available
The Philosophy of Hegel by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel Carl Joachim Friedrich. No description available
Wissenschaft der Logik Die Lehre Vom Begriff 1816 by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel. No description available
Existentialism from Dostoevsky to Sartre by Walter Kaufmann. No description available
Anti Semite and Jew An Exploration of the Etiology of Hate by Jean Paul Sartre Michael Walzer George J. Becker. No description available
CSS The Definitive Guide by Eric A. Meyer. No description available
"Fullmetal Alchemist Vol. 14 Fullmetal Alchemist 14 by Hiromu Arakawa Akira Watanabe. In an alchemical ritual gone wrong, Edward Elric lost his arm and his leg, and his brother Alphonse became nothing but a soul in a suit of armor. Equipped with mechanical auto mail limbs, Edward becomes a state alchemist, seeking the one thing that can restore his brother and himself...the legendary Philosopher's Stone. Ed and Al come face to face with the father of the homunculi, who just so happens to be a dead ringer for their own father, Van Hohenheim a resemblance too uncanny for coincidence. And later, when the allure of immortality proves to be too much for Prince Lin of Xin, he lets Greed take over...literally!"
"Fullmetal Alchemist The Abducted Alchemist Fullmetal Alchemist 2 by Makoto Inoue Hiromu Arakawa Alexander O. Smith Rich Amtower. Train lines destroyed in a series of devastating terrorist strikes all without a single victim! A string of kidnappings targeting the friends and families of the military! Civilian anger mounts with every passing day, and the authorities seem powerless to catch the insurgents. Colonel Roy Mustang alone sees a connection between the two crime sprees, but he ll have a tough time convincing his superiors at Central Command... At least, until Edward and Alphonse Elric find themselves in the middle of the investigation and the kidnapping too! VIZ Media"
"Fullmetal Alchemist Vol. 12 Fullmetal Alchemist 12 by Hiromu Arakawa Akira Watanabe. Alchemy tore the Elric brothers bodies apart. Can their bond make them whole again? A hardcover collector s edition of one of the most beloved manga and anime of all time! Fully remastered with an updated translation and completely fresh lettering, and presented with color pages on large trim, archival quality paper, this gorgeous hardcover edition presents the timeless dark adventures of the Elric brothers as they were truly meant to be seen. Includes brand new cover art, with a new color insert and behind the scenes character sketches from author Hiromu Arakawa! In an alchemical ritual gone wrong, Edward Elric lost his arm and his leg, and his brother Alphonse became nothing but a soul in a suit of armor. While the brothers seek answers in the north, they are blackmailed into aiding their adversaries in a plot that threatens the entire country."
Programming in C by Stephen G. Kochan. No description available
Java An Introduction to Problem Solving and Programming by Walter J. Savitch. No description available
Absolute C by Walter J. Savitch. No description available
The Odyssey by Homer Edward McCrorie Richard P. Martin. No description available
The Odyssey New Translations from Antiquity by Homer Edward McCrorie Richard P. Martin. No description available
Bulfinch's Mythology by Thomas Bulfinch Richard P. Martin. No description available
Teaching Reading Comprehension to Students with Learning Difficulties by Janette K. Klingner Sharon R. Vaughn Alison Boardman. No description available
Seven Gothic Tales by Isak Dinesen Karen Blixen. No description available
Last Tales by Isak Dinesen Karen Blixen. No description available
Isak Dinesen The Life of a Storyteller by Judith Thurman. No description available
Out of Africa Shadows on the Grass by Isak Dinesen Karen Blixen. No description available
Letters from Africa 1914 1931 by Isak Dinesen Karen Blixen Frans Lasson Anne Born. No description available
Witness by Karen Hesse. No description available
The Cats In Krasinski Square by Karen Hesse Wendy Watson. No description available
The Music of Dolphins by Karen Hesse. No description available
Verbatim From the bawdy to the sublime the best writing on language for word lovers grammar mavens and armchair linguists by Erin McKean. No description available
Sisters by Danielle Steel. No description available
The Long Road Home by Danielle Steel. No description available
Three Plays of Euripides Alcestis Medea The Bacchae by Euripides Paul Roche. No description available
Leadership Challenge by James M. Kouzes. No description available
The Kestrel Westmark 2 by Lloyd Alexander. No description available
"The God in the Moon Age of Conan Hyborian Adventures A Soldier's Quest 1 by Richard A. Knaak. As a favored son in one of the high families of Aquilonia, Nermesa Klandes wanted for nothing except glory won by his own hand. Defying his family and casting aside the opulence he was born into, Nermesa joins the Aquilonian army so that he might serve his liege, King Conan. But Nermesa soon learns there is a great distance between his courageous idealism and the gory battlefields of the Westermarck, where the savage Picts wage unceasing warfare. Through bravery and cunning, Nermesa comes into his own as a warrior and a man. When he kills the Pictish leader, he is hailed as a hero. But he also unleashes an unholy power that will shake the very foundations of the Aquilonian Empire..."
"Firedrake Dragonrealm 1 by Richard A. Knaak. Bent on supremacy of the Dragonrealm, Duke Toma unleashes evil powers, opposed only by Cabe Bedlam, a seemingly impotent youth who nonetheless possesses some formidible powers."
Night of Blood Dragonlance The Minotaur Wars 1 by Richard A. Knaak Margaret Weis. Originally published by Devil's Due Publishing as DragonLance Legend of Huma issues 1 6.
The Eye of Charon Age of Conan Hyborian Adventures A Soldier's Quest 2 by Richard A. Knaak. No description available
Children of the Drake Dragonrealm Origins 2 by Richard A. Knaak. No description available
Sleeping Beauty Trilogy Sleeping Beauty 1 3 by A.N. Roquelaure Anne Rice. No description available
Beauty's Punishment by A.N. Roquelaure Anne Rice. No description available
The Land of the Dead Tales from the Odyssey 2 by Mary Pope Osborne Homer Troy Howell. No description available
The One Eyed Giant Tales from the Odyssey 1 by Mary Pope Osborne Homer Troy Howell. Retells a part of the Odyssey in which King Odysseus fights the cyclops.
Tsunamis and Other Natural Disasters Magic Tree House Research Guide 15 by Mary Pope Osborne Natalie Pope Boyce Salvatore Murdocca. No description available
The Final Battle Tales from the Odyssey 6 by Mary Pope Osborne Troy Howell. No description available
Ancient Greece and the Olympics Magic Tree House Research Guide 10 by Mary Pope Osborne Natalie Pope Boyce Salvatore Murdocca. No description available
"Ancient Rome and Pompeii Magic Tree House Research Guide 14 by Mary Pope Osborne Natalie Pope Boyce Salvatore Murdocca. The 1 bestselling chapter book series of all time celebrates 25 years with new covers and a new, easy to use numbering system! Getting the facts behind the fiction has never looked better. Track the facts with Jack and Annie!! When Jack and Annie got back from their adventure in Magic Tree House 13 Vacation Under the Volcano, they had lots of questions. How did ancient Rome become an emipre? Where did ancient Romans go for fun? What happened to the Roman town of Pompeii? What have we learned from it? Find out the answers to these questions and more as Jack and Annie track the facts. Filled with up to date information, photos, illustrations, and fun tidbits from Jack and Annie, the Magic Tree House Fact Trackers are the perfect way for kids to find out more about the topics they discovered in their favorite Magic Tree House adventures. And teachers can use Fact Trackers alongside their Magic Tree House fiction companions to meet common core text pairing needs. Did you know that there s a Magic Tree House book for every kid? Magic Tree House Adventures with Jack and Annie, perfect for readers who are just beginning chapter books Merlin Missions More challenging adventures for the experienced reader Super Edition A longer and more dangerous adventure Fact Trackers Nonfiction companions to your favorite Magic Tree House adventures Have more fun with Jack and Annie at MagicTreeHouse.com!"
"Haunted Castle on Hallows Eve Magic Tree House 30 by Mary Pope Osborne Salvatore Murdocca. The 1 bestselling chapter book series of all time celebrates 25 years with new covers and a new, easy to use numbering system! Jack and Annie are summoned once again to the fantasy realm of Camelot. There, Merlin the Magician tells them that the Stone of Destiny has been stolen. The answer to its disappearance lies within a haunted castle. With a young magician named Teddy, Jack and Annie take on the challenge in an adventure that takes them to new heights and places they couldn t even imagine! Formerly numbered as Magic Tree House 30, the title of this book is now Magic Tree House Merlin Mission 2 Haunted Castle on Hallows Eve. Did you know that there s a Magic Tree House book for every kid? Magic Tree House Adventures with Jack and Annie, perfect for readers who are just beginning chapter books Merlin Missions More challenging adventures for the experienced reader Super Edition A longer and more dangerous adventure Fact Trackers Nonfiction companions to your favorite Magic Tree House adventures Have more fun with Jack and Annie at MagicTreeHouse.com!"
"Earthquake in the Early Morning Magic Tree House 24 by Mary Pope Osborne Salvatore Murdocca. The 1 bestselling chapter book series of all time celebrates 25 years with new covers and a new, easy to use numbering system! An adventure that will shake you up! That's what Jack and Annie get when the Magic Tree House whisks them back to California in 1906. As soon as they arrive, the famous San Francisco earthquake hits the city. Can Jack and Annie save the day? Or will San Francisco be destroyed first? Did you know that there s a Magic Tree House book for every kid? Magic Tree House Adventures with Jack and Annie, perfect for readers who are just beginning chapter books Merlin Missions More challenging adventures for the experienced reader Super Edition A longer and more dangerous adventure Fact Trackers Nonfiction companions to your favorite Magic Tree House adventures Have more fun with Jack and Annie at MagicTreeHouse.com!"
E.E. Cummings Complete Poems 1904 1962 Revised Corrected and Expanded Edition by E.E. Cummings George J. Firmage. No description available
Selected Poems by E.E. Cummings Richard S. Kennedy. No description available
Tulips Chimneys by E.E. Cummings Richard S. Kennedy. No description available
Kokopelli The Magic Mirth and Mischief of an Ancient Symbol by Dennis Slifer R. Carlos Nakai. No description available
The Coal Tattoo by Silas House. No description available
Clay's Quilt by Silas House. No description available
Things Pondered From the Heart of a Lesser Woman by Beth Moore. No description available
Scholastic Success with 4th Grade Workbook by Terry Cooper. No description available
The Punisher Vol. 6 Confederacy of Dunces by Garth Ennis. No description available
Thunderbird Falls Walker Papers 2 by C.E. Murphy. No description available
"Coyote Dreams Walker Papers 3 by C.E. Murphy. Much of the city can't wake up. And more are dozing off each day. Instead of powerful forces storming Seattle, a more insidious invasion is happening. Most of Joanne Walker's fellow cops are down with the blue flu or rather the blue sleep. Yet there's no physical cause anyone can point to and it keeps spreading. It has to be magical, Joanne figures. But what's up with the crazy dreams that hit her every time she closes her eyes? Are they being sent by Coyote, her still missing spirit guide? The messages just aren't clear. Somehow Joanne has to wake up her sleeping friends while protecting those still awake, figure out her inner spirit dream life and, yeah, come to terms with these other dreams she's having about her boss ."
Savage Anamoly The Power of Spinoza s Metaphysics and Politics by Antonio Negri Michael Hardt. No description available
Time for Revolution by Antonio Negri Matteo Mandarini. No description available
The Philosophy of Antonio Negri Volume One Resistance in Practice by Timothy S. Murphy Abdul Karim Mustapha. No description available
"Act of Treason Mitch Rapp 9 by Vince Flynn. The fallout from a horrific Washington explosion has just begun, along with CIA superagent Mitch Rapp s hunt for a killer with a personal agenda in this fun, finger blistering page turner Star Tribune, Minneapolis in the 1 New York Times bestselling Mitch Rapp series. In the final weeks of a fierce presidential campaign, a motorcade carrying candidate Josh Alexander is shattered by a car bomb. Soon after the attack, Alexander is carried to victory by a sympathy vote, but his assailants have not been found. When CIA director Irene Kennedy and Special Agent Skip McMahon receive damaging intelligence on Washington s most powerful players, they call on Mitch Rapp the one man reckless enough to unravel a global network of contract killers on an explosive mission that leads back to the heart of our nation s capital and the inner sanctum of the Oval Office. Taut writing and a plausible vision of the real work of the intelligence community Publishers Weekly make Act of Treason an unputdownable and heart pounding thriller."
President Dad Volume 2 by Ju Yeon Rhim. No description available
Game of Shadows Barry Bonds BALCO and the Steroids Scandal that Rocked Professional Sports by Mark Fainaru Wada Lance Williams. No description available
Dark Water by K ji Suzuki Glynne Walley. No description available
Dark Water's Embrace Mictlan 1 by Stephen Leigh. No description available
In Dark Waters by Mary Burton. No description available
Oswald Chambers Abandoned to God The Life Story of the Author of My Utmost for His Highest by David McCasland Oswald Chambers. No description available
"Mandie and the Abandoned Mine Mandie 8 by Lois Gladys Leppard. More Favorites from a Beloved Author Mandie and her friends set out to investigate and solve six more mysteries in the next two volumes of THE MANDIE COLLECTION. Volume Ten includes Mandie and the New York Secret, Mandie and the NIght Thief, and Mandie and the HIdden Past."
Abandoned Prayers The Incredible True Story of Murder Obsession and Amish Secrets by Gregg Olsen. No description available
C Programmer's Notebook by Jim Keogh John Shapley Gray. No description available
The Sibley Field Guide to Birds of Western North America by David Allen Sibley. No description available
The National Geographic Society 100 Years of Adventure Discovery by C.D.B. Bryan. No description available
Park Profiles Grand Canyon Country Park Profiles by National Geographic Society. No description available
Canada's Incredible Coasts by Donald J. Crump William R. Gray. No description available
Shout Out Loud! 2 by Satosumi Takaguchi. No description available
Shout Out Loud! 5 by Satosumi Takaguchi. No description available
Can't Win With You 1 by Satosumi Takaguchi Yukine Honami. No description available
! 1 CL DX by Satosumi Takaguchi Satosumi Takaguchi. No description available
! 2 ASUKA COMICS CL DX by Satosumi Takaguchi Satosumi Takaguchi. No description available
Soups by Norman Kolpas Allan Rosenberg Chuck Williams Laurie Wertz. No description available
Pies and Tarts by Chuck Williams Laurie Wertz John Phillip Carroll. No description available
The Fate of Reason German Philosophy from Kant to Fichte by Frederick C. Beiser. No description available
Michael's Golden Rules by Deloris Jordan Roslyn M. Jordan Michael Jordan Kadir Nelson. No description available
Confessions of an Actor by Laurence Olivier. No description available
For Lust of Knowing The Orientalists and Their Enemies by Robert Irwin. No description available
The Arabian Nightmare by Robert Irwin. No description available
Continental Drift by Russell Banks. No description available
The Darling by Russell Banks. No description available
Affliction by Russell Banks Pierre Furlan. No description available
Success Stories by Russell Banks. No description available
Cloudsplitter by Russell Banks. No description available
A Multitude of Sins by Richard Ford. No description available
The Custom of the Country by Edith Wharton Linda Wagner Martin. No description available
Quicksand by Nella Larsen. No description available
Their Eyes Were Watching God by Zora Neale Hurston Ruby Dee. No description available
Novels and Stories by Zora Neale Hurston Cheryl A. Wall. No description available
Plato on Knowledge and Reality by Nicholas P. White. No description available
A Companion to Plato's Republic by Nicholas P. White. No description available
"Something Rotten Thursday Next 4 by Jasper Fforde. Prepare to be delighted Time with the fourth novel in the New York Times bestselling Thursday Next series, a totally original, action packed romp through the alternate reality of literature obsessed England. Infused with humor and extraordinary inventiveness . . . Something Rotten is worth reading for anyone with an insatiable appetite for cleverness. Los Angeles Times It s back to reality for Detective Thursday Next and fiction never looked so good. Thursday has had her fill of her responsibilities as the Bellman in Jurisfiction. Packing up her son, Friday, Thursday returns to Swindon accompanied by none other than the dithering Danish prince Hamlet. But returning to SpecOps is no snap as outlaw fictioneer Yorrick Kaine plots for absolute power, the return of Swindon s patron saint foretells doom, and if that isn t bad enough, back in the Book World The Merry Wives of Windsor is becoming entangled with Hamlet. Can Thursday find a Shakespeare clone to stop this hostile takeover? Can she vanquish Kaine and prevent the world from plunging into war? And, most important, will she ever find reliable childcare? Don t miss any of Jasper Fforde s delightfully entertaining Thursday Next novels THE EYRE AFFAIR LOST IN A GOOD BOOK THE WELL OF LOST PLOTS SOMETHING ROTTEN FIRST AMONG SEQUELS ONE OF OUR THURSDAYS IS MISSING THE WOMAN WHO DIED A LOT"
"Lost in a Good Book Thursday Next 2 by Jasper Fforde. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER From the author of The Constant Rabbit comes Harry Potter just for adults . . . an immensely enjoyable, almost compulsive experience The New York Times Book Review the second novel in the renowned Thursday Next series. Lost in a Good Book is satire, fantasy, literary criticism, thriller, whodunit, game, puzzle, joke, postmodern prank, and tilt a whirl. The Washington Post If resourceful, fearless literary detective Thursday Next thought she could avoid the spotlight after her heroic escapades in the pages of Jane Eyre, she was sorely mistaken. Her adventures as a renowned Special Operative in literary detection have left Thursday Next yearning for a rest. But when the love of her life is eradicated by the corrupt multinational Goliath Corporation, Thursday must bite the bullet and moonlight as a Prose Resource Operative in the secret world of Jurisfiction, the police force inside the books. There she is apprenticed to Miss Havisham, the famous man hater from Dickens s Great Expectations, who teaches her to book jump like a pro. If Thursday retrieves a supposedly vanquished enemy from the pages of Poe s The Raven, she thinks Goliath might return her lost love, Landen. But her latest mission is endlessly complicated. Not only are there side trips into the works of Kafka and Austen, and even Beatrix Potter s The Tale of Flopsy Bunnies, Thursday finds herself the target of a series of potentially lethal coincidences, the authenticator of a newly discovered play by the Bard himself, and the only one who can prevent an unidentifiable pink sludge from engulfing all life on Earth. Don t miss any of Jasper Fforde s delightfully entertaining Thursday Next novels THE EYRE AFFAIR LOST IN A GOOD BOOK THE WELL OF LOST PLOTS SOMETHING ROTTEN FIRST AMONG SEQUELS ONE OF OUR THURSDAYS IS MISSING THE WOMAN WHO DIED A LOT"
"The Well of Lost Plots Thursday Next 3 by Jasper Fforde. The third novel in the New York Times bestselling Thursday Next series is great fun especially for those with a literary turn of mind and a taste for offbeat comedy The Washington Post Book World . Delightful . . . the well of Fforde s imagination is bottomless. People Fforde creates a literary reality that is somewhere amid a triangulation of Douglas Adams, Monty Python, and Miss Marple. The Denver Post With the 923rd Annual Bookworld Awards just around the corner and an unknown villain wreaking havoc in Jurisfiction, what could possibly be next for Detective Thursday Next? Protecting the world s greatest literature not to mention keeping up with Miss Havisham is tiring work for an expectant mother. And Thursday can definitely use a respite. So what better hideaway than inside the unread and unreadable Caversham Heights, a clich ridden pulp mystery in the hidden depths of the Well of Lost Plots, where all unpublished books reside? But peace and quiet remain elusive for Thursday, who soon discovers that the Well itself is a veritable linguistic free for all, where grammasites run rampant, plot devices are hawked on the black market, and lousy books like Caversham Heights are scrapped for salvage. To top it off, a murderer is stalking Jurisfiction personnel and nobody is safe least of all Thursday. Don t miss any of Jasper Fforde s delightfully entertaining Thursday Next novels THE EYRE AFFAIR LOST IN A GOOD BOOK THE WELL OF LOST PLOTS SOMETHING ROTTEN FIRST AMONG SEQUELS ONE OF OUR THURSDAYS IS MISSING THE WOMAN WHO DIED A LOT"
First Among Sequels Thursday Next 5 by Jasper Fforde. No description available
The Eyre Affair Thursday Next 1 by Jasper Fforde. No description available
Chop Shop Bug Man 2 by Tim Downs. No description available
"Shoofly Pie Bug Man 1 by Tim Downs. In 2003, the Shoofly Pie introduced an intriguing and unique detective forensic entomologist Nick Polchak. So popular did Polchak become that author Tim Downs has now published five Bug Man novels. And now for the first time the first two Bug Man novels under one cover. Shoofly Pie Within minutes of a murder, the first fly arrives at the scene. Soon there are hundreds, then thousands, and each one knows the victim's story... Thirty year old Kathryn Guilford turns to Dr. Nick Polchak, the Bug Man, to help her learn the truth about the apparent suicide of her longtime friend and onetime suitor. Polchak introduces her to a mysterious world of blood seeking flies and flesh eating beetles. But there's a problem... Kathryn Guilford has a pathological fear of insects. Now she must confront her darkest fears to unearth a decade long conspiracy that threatens to turn her entire world upside down. Chop Shop Young Dr. Riley McKay has worked hard toward her career in pathology. But her promising future is threatened when suspicious activities bungled autopsies, concealed evidence, and unexplained wounds incriminate her supervising pathologist at the Allegheny County Coroner's Office in Pittsburgh, Dr. Nathan Lassiter. When Riley is ignored by her seniors and threatened by Dr. Lassiter, she turns in desperation to Dr. Nick Polchak, the Bug Man, to help her uncover the truth. From a handful of tiny maggots, Nick and Riley begin to unearth the facts... The flies on the wall can talk. Forensic entomologist Nick Polchak is listening."
RG Veda Vol. 01 by CLAMP. No description available
Augustine by Henry Chadwick. No description available
The Church in Ancient Society From Galilee to Gregory the Great History of the Christian Church by Henry Chadwick. No description available
East and West The Making of a Rift in the Church from Apostolic Times until the Council of Florence History of the Christian Church by Henry Chadwick. No description available
Satan in Goray by Isaac Bashevis Singer Jacob Sloan Ruth R. Wisse. No description available
Lights Out by Peter Abrahams. No description available
"Behind the Curtain Echo Falls 2 by Peter Abrahams. In Echo Falls you never know what's coming next and everyone has a secret. Things are amiss at 99 Maple Lane Ingrid's dad's job is in jeopardy, but h e won't explain why. Ingrid's brother, Ty, is getting buff really buff but when Ty starts getting moody, Ingrid wonders if there's more to his physical fitness than lifting weights. Meanwhile, Ingrid's beloved soccer coach is replaced by an icy newcomer named Julia LeCaine, who seems a little too savvy to be in it for the postgame pizza. True to her hero, Sherlock Holmes, Ingrid begins fishing around to find out who's really pulling the strings in Echo Falls. But one morning, while en route to the dreaded MathFest, Ingrid is kidnapped and locked in the trunk of a car. Even if she escapes, will anyone believe her story? In this sequel to Down the Rabbit Hole a clever young girl learns that mysterious forces are at work in her town and exposing them could put her life in jeopardy. Performed by Colleen Delaney"
Red Message by Peter Abrahams. No description available
Her Smoke Rose Up Forever by James Tiptree Jr.. No description available
The Starry Rift by James Tiptree Jr.. No description available
Teaching to Transgress Education as the Practice of Freedom by bell hooks. No description available
Desde mi cielo by Alice Sebold Aurora Echevarr a. No description available
The Roman Empire by Colin Wells. No description available
Bitter Is the New Black Confessions of a Condescending Egomaniacal Self Centered Smartass Or Why You Should Never Carry A Prada Bag to the Unemployment Office by Jen Lancaster. No description available
Economics by Paul Krugman Robin Wells. No description available
Development Geography and Economic Theory by Paul Krugman. No description available
Pop Internationalism by Paul Krugman. No description available
An Unquiet Grave Louis Kincaid 7 by P.J. Parrish. No description available
"Island Of Bones Louis Kincaid 5 by P.J. Parrish. The New York Times bestselling author brings back detective Louis Kincaid for a fast paced, fascinating thriller about a mysterious private island which harbors a dark and deadly family secret. Original."
"Dead Of Winter Louis Kincaid 2 by P.J. Parrish. Detective Louis Kincaid moved to Loon Lake, Michigan, to escape the horrors of his past, but he finds himself in the middle of a serial killer's deadly spree."
"Thicker Than Water Louis Kincaid 4 by P.J. Parrish. On a hot night in Florida, a young woman is brutally raped and murdered. Twenty years later, Jack Cade, the man convicted of her death, is released from prison only days before another horrific crime someone has murdered Cade's defense attorney. When the ex con is arrested for the lawyer's murder, Louis is hired by the man's son who believes his father is innocent of the lawyer's murder and of the old crime as well. Louis follows a long buried trail that connects the two murders, a trail that leads him to a web of family lies and twisted loyalty."
Teleportation From Star Trek to Tesla by Commander X Tim R. Swartz. No description available
Pictures Showing What Happens on Each Page of Thomas Pynchon's Novel Gravity's Rainbow by Zak Smith Steve Erickson. No description available
Sailing the Wine Dark Sea Why the Greeks Matter by Thomas Cahill. No description available
The Gospel According to Luke by Anonymous Thomas Cahill. No description available
The Third Policeman by Flann O'Brien Denis Donoghue. No description available
The Landmark Thucydides A Comprehensive Guide to the Peloponnesian War by Thucydides Robert B. Strassler Richard Crawley Victor Davis Hanson. No description available
"Six Haunted Hairdos The Hamlet Chronicles 2 by Gregory Maguire Elaine Clayton. With the help of their favorite teacher, two rival clubs, the all boy Copycats and the all girl Tattletales, stop trying to out do each other long enough to help the ghosts of a baby elephant and a herd of mastodons that appear near their small Vermont town."
Dancing in the Flames The Dark Goddess in the Transformation of Consciousness by Marion Woodman Elinor Dickson. No description available
The Complete Book of Home Site and Office Security Selecting Installing and Troubleshooting Systems and Devices by Bill Phillips. No description available
Pope Joan by Donna Woolfolk Cross. No description available
Pope Joan Translated Adapted from the Greek by Emmanuel Rhoides Lawrence Durrell. No description available
"Glass Houses The Morganville Vampires 1 by Rachel Caine. College freshman Claire Danvers has had enough of her nightmarish dorm situation, where the popular girls never let her forget just where she ranks in the school's social scene somewhere less than zero. When Claire heads off campus, the imposing old house where she finds a room may not be much better. Her new roommates don't show many signs of life. But they'll have Claire's back when the town's deepest secrets come crawling out, hungry for fresh blood. Watch a Windows Media trailer for this book."
The Glass House Captain Lacey 3 by Ashley Gardner. No description available
Glass House by Philip Johnson Toshio Nakamura. No description available
The Echo of Greece by Edith Hamilton. No description available
Three Greek Plays Prometheus Bound Agamemnon The Trojan Women by Euripides Aeschylus Edith Hamilton. No description available
The Analects by Confucius D.C. Lau. No description available
The Twentieth Wife Taj Mahal Trilogy 1 by Indu Sundaresan. No description available
La Emperatriz tras el velo Trilog a Taj Mahal 1 by Indu Sundaresan Alberto Coscarelli. No description available
Buddha by Karen Armstrong. No description available
Islam A Short History by Karen Armstrong. No description available
The Spiral Staircase My Climb Out of Darkness by Karen Armstrong. No description available
The Battle for God A History of Fundamentalism by Karen Armstrong. No description available
Muhammad A Biography of the Prophet by Karen Armstrong. No description available
The Analects of Confucius A Philosophical Translation by Confucius Henry Rosemont Jr. Roger T. Ames. No description available
Analects by Confucius Edward Slingerland. No description available
Hiroshima by John Hersey. No description available
The Wall by John Hersey. No description available
Silent Spring by Rachel Carson Linda Lear Edward O. Wilson. No description available
The House of Life Rachel Carson at Work by Paul Brooks Rachel Carson. No description available
Under the Sea Wind Nature Classic by Rachel Carson Bob Hines. No description available
Black Meets White by Justine Korman Fontes Geoff Waring. No description available
"Back Bay Peter Fallon 1 by William Martin. INSTANT NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER A rip roaring page turner. A perfect read! Boston Globe Meet the Pratt clan. Driven men. Determined women. Through six turbulent generations, they would pursue a lost Paul Revere treasure. And turn a family secret into an obsession that could destroy them. Here is the novel that launched William Martin's astonishing literary career and became an instant bestseller. From the grit and romance of old Boston to exclusive and dangerous Back Bay today, this sweeping saga paints an unforgettable portrait of a powerful dynasty beset by the forces of history...and a heritage of greed, lust, murder and betrayal."
Letters from the Bay of Islands The Story of Marianne Williams by Marianne Williams Caroline Fitzgerald. No description available
Since Silent Spring by Frank Graham. No description available
A Civil Action by Jonathan Harr. No description available
The Lost Painting by Jonathan Harr. No description available
Gideon's Trumpet How One Man a Poor Prisoner Took His Case to the Supreme Court And Changed the Law of the United States by Anthony Lewis. No description available
The Library of Greek Mythology by Apollodorus Robin Hard. No description available
The Library 1 Books 1 3.9 by Apollodorus James George Frazer. No description available
The Library of Apollodorus Gods and Heroes of the Greeks by Apollodorus Selwyn Reginald Cudjoe Leonard Baskin. No description available
Apollodorus' Library and Hyginus' Myths Two Handbooks of Greek Mythology by Apollodorus Hyginus R. Scott Smith Stephen M. Trzaskoma. No description available
Mythographi Graeci 1 Apollodori Bibliotheca Apollodori epitoma Procli excerpta ex cycli epici carminibus Pediasmi libellus de duodecim Herculis...Graecorum et Romanorum Teubneriana by Apollodorus Richard Wagner. No description available
Theogony Works and Days by Hesiod M.L. West. No description available
The Works and Days Theogony by Hesiod. No description available
Theogony Works and Days Shield by Hesiod Apostolos N. Athanassakis. No description available
The Works and Days Theogony The Shield of Herakles by Hesiod Richmond Lattimore. No description available
The Poems by Hesiod R.M. Frazer Mary Sue Roniger. No description available
Theogonia Opera et Dies Scutum Fragmenta Selecta Classical Texts by Hesiod Friedrich Solmsen Reinholdo Merkelbach. No description available
Works of Hesiod and the Homeric Hymns by Hesiod Daryl Hine. No description available
The Georgics of Virgil by Virgil David Ferry. No description available
The Death of Virgil by Hermann Broch Jean Starr Untermeyer. No description available
The Eclogues of Virgil by Virgil David Ferry. No description available
The Art of the Personal Essay An Anthology from the Classical Era to the Present by Phillip Lopate. No description available
Waterfront A Walk Around Manhattan by Phillip Lopate. No description available
The DC Comics Encyclopedia by Scott Beatty Robert Greenberger Phil Jimenez Daniel Wallace. No description available
The Marvel Encyclopedia by Tom DeFalco Peter Sanderson Michael Teitelbaum Daniel Wallace Tom Brevoort Andrew Darling. No description available
Reinventing Jesus How Contemporary Skeptics Miss the Real Jesus and Mislead Popular Culture by J. Ed Komoszewski Daniel B. Wallace M. James Sawyer. No description available
The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald Matthew J. Bruccoli. No description available
Daniel Deronda by George Eliot Earl L. Dachslager George Stade. No description available
King Leopold's Ghost by Adam Hochschild. No description available
The End of Days The Earth Chronicles 7 by Zecharia Sitchin. No description available
Mating in Captivity Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic by Esther Perel. No description available
The Mating Mind How Sexual Choice Shaped the Evolution of Human Nature by Geoffrey Miller. No description available
The Evolution Of Desire Strategies of Human Mating by David M. Buss. No description available
The Liberated Bride by A.B. Yehoshua Hillel Halkin. No description available
Plan of Attack by Bob Woodward Alice Mayhew. No description available
The Commanders by Bob Woodward. No description available
Veil The Secret Wars of the CIA 1981 1987 by Bob Woodward. No description available
Shadow Five Presidents and the Legacy of Watergate by Bob Woodward. No description available
The Brethren Inside the Supreme Court by Bob Woodward Scott Armstrong. No description available
Katy and the Big Snow Book Cassette by Virginia Lee Burton. No description available
Left Behind Left Behind 1 by Tim LaHaye Jerry B. Jenkins. No description available
Armageddon The Cosmic Battle of the Ages Left Behind 11 by Tim LaHaye Jerry B. Jenkins. No description available
Desecration Left Behind 9 by Tim LaHaye Jerry B. Jenkins. No description available
Nicolae Left Behind 3 by Tim LaHaye Jerry B. Jenkins. No description available
Banker to the Poor Micro Lending and the Battle Against World Poverty by Muhammad Yunus Alan Jolis. No description available
Working with Emotional Intelligence by Daniel Goleman. No description available
On Intelligence by Jeff Hawkins Sandra Blakeslee. No description available
The Emotional Intelligence Quick Book Everything You Need to Know to Put Your EQ to Work by Travis Bradberry Jean Greaves Patrick Lencioni. No description available
Financial Intelligence A Manager's Guide to Knowing What the Numbers Really Mean by Karen Berman Joe Knight John Case. No description available
Artificial Intelligence A Modern Approach by Stuart Russell Peter Norvig. No description available
Most Likely to Succeed at Work How Work Is Just Like High School Crib Notes for Getting Along and Getting Ahead Amidst Bullies Teachers' Pets Cheerleaders and Other Members of the Class by Wilma Davidson Jack Dougherty. No description available
Walking with the Wind A Memoir of the Movement by John Lewis Michael D'Orso. No description available
Jackie After Jack Portrait of the Lady by Christopher Andersen Christopher Andersen. No description available
To Battle the Gods Jalav Amazon Warrior 5 by Sharon Green. Jalav tries to combine her female warriors with the male army to battle a strange enemy from outer space
A Tale of Love and Darkness by Amos Oz Nicholas de Lange. No description available
What Went Wrong? The Clash Between Islam Modernity in the Middle East by Bernard Lewis. No description available
Not Even Wrong The Failure of String Theory and the Search for Unity in Physical Law by Peter Woit. No description available
Boy Were We Wrong About Dinosaurs! by Kathleen V. Kudlinski S.D. Schindler. No description available
There Is Nothing Wrong with You Going Beyond Self Hate by Cheri Huber June Shiver. No description available
Dead Wrong Joanna Brady 12 by J.A. Jance. No description available
Sixty Million Frenchmen Can't Be Wrong by Jean Beno t Nadeau Julie Barlow. No description available
The Perfect Wrong Note Learning to Trust Your Musical Self by William Westney. No description available
In the Footsteps of Mr. Kurtz Living on the Brink of Disaster in Mobutu's Congo by Michela Wrong. No description available
Acts of Faith by Philip Caputo. No description available
Simple Acts of Faith Heartwarming Stories of One Life Touching Another by Margaret Feinberg Norman Rockwell. No description available
The Cross From A Distance Atonement In Mark's Gospel by Peter G. Bolt. No description available
Cults in Our Midst The Continuing Fight Against Their Hidden Menace by Margaret Thaler Singer Robert Jay Lifton. No description available
Mortals by Norman Rush. No description available
Whites by Norman Rush. No description available
Hasta que te encuentre by John Irving Carlos Milla Soler. No description available
Howards End by E.M. Forster Benjamin DeMott Regina Marler. No description available
Women Cats The History of a Love Affair by Michelle Lovric Lisa Pentreath. No description available
EULIS! The History of Love by Paschal Beverly Randolph. No description available
Secretos De Familia by Julia Glass. No description available
Accidental Empires by Robert X. Cringely. No description available
The Complete ACOA Sourcebook Adult Children of Alcoholics at Home at Work and in Love by Janet Geringer Woititz Robert J. Ackerman. No description available
Bury the Chains by Adam Hochschild. No description available
On Christian Belief Works of Saint Augustine by Augustine of Hippo Boniface Ramsey Michael Fiedrowicz. No description available
"Mary Stewart's Merlin Trilogy Arthurian Saga 1 3 by Mary Stewart. The Arthurian legend is one of the most enduring and powerful of myths, and Mary Stewart's classic The Merlin Trilogy is one of its most beloved and acclaimed retellings. In prose that is as vividly, achingly real as it is poetic, New York Times bestselling author Mary Stewart brings to life the man behind the myth Myrddin Emrys ... Merlinus Ambrosius ... Merlin. The Crystal Cave The Hollow Hills The Last Enchantment Born the bastard son of a Welsh princess, Myrddin Emrys or, as he would later be known, Merlin leads a perilous childhood in The Crystal Cave, haunted by portents and visions. But destiny has great plans for this no man's son, taking him from prophesying before the High King Vortigern to the crowning of UtherPendragon ... and the conception of Arthur king for once and always. Keeping watch over the young Arthur Pendragon in The Hollow Hills, the prince and prophet Merlin Ambrosius is haunted by dreams of the magical sword Caliburn, hidden for centuries. When Uther Pendragon is killed in battle, the time of destiny is at hand, and Arthur must claim the fabled sword to become the true High King of Britain. In The Last Enchantment, Arthur Pendragon is king at last. Unchallenged on the battlefield, he melds the country together in a time of promise as Merlin works to keep safe the once and future king. But sinister powers plot to destroy Camelot, and when the witch queen Morgause Arthur's own half sister ensnares him in an incestuous liaison, a fatal web of love, betrayal, and bloody vengeance is woven. Extensively researched and beautifully written, The Merlin Trilogy is the epic culmination of an acclaimed career, a legend in and of itself."
Touch Not the Cat by Mary Stewart. No description available
The Gabriel Hounds by Mary Stewart. No description available
The Wicked Day Arthurian Saga 4 by Mary Stewart. No description available
The Moonspinners by Mary Stewart. No description available
This Rough Magic by Mary Stewart. No description available
Nine Coaches Waiting by Mary Stewart Sandra Brown. No description available
Airs Above the Ground by Mary Stewart. No description available
Madam Will You Talk? by Mary Stewart. No description available
The Night of Wishes by Michael Ende Heike Schwarzbauer Rick Takvorian Regina Kehn Regina Jehn. No description available
Mirror in the Mirror by Michael Ende J. Maxwell Brownjohn. No description available
The Greek's Royal Mistress Princess Brides 2 by Jane Porter. No description available
La Cantatrice chauve La Le on by Eug ne Ionesco. No description available
Death of a Perfect Wife Hamish Macbeth 4 by M.C. Beaton. No description available
"Cold Sleep Cold Series 1 by Narise Konohara Nanao Saikawa Douglas W. Dlin. Having lost his memory in an accident, Toru Takahisa is taken in by an older man, Fujishima, who claims to be his friend. To Toru's frustration, Fujishima is cold and rarely smiles, refusing to tell him anything about his past. With a growing sense of loneliness, Toru finds that he is slowly becoming attracted to Fujishima as he spends more time with him."
The Restless Sleep Inside New York City's Cold Case Squad by Stacy Horn. No description available
La ca da by Albert Camus Manuel de Lope. No description available
Le Premier homme by Albert Camus Catherine Camus. No description available
Noces by Albert Camus. No description available
How to Be a Perfect Stranger The Essential Religious Etiquette Handbook by Stuart M. Matlins. No description available
The Basic Political Writings by Jean Jacques Rousseau Donald A. Cress Peter Gray. No description available
Henri Rousseau Jungles in Paris by Christopher Green Frances Morris Nancy Ireson Claire Freches Thory. No description available
Julie or the New Heloise by Jean Jacques Rousseau Philip Stewart Jean Vache. No description available
Anesthesiology Review by Ronald J. Faust Roy F. Cucchiara Denise J. Wedel C. Thomas Wass Stephen H. Rose Thomas N. Spackman. No description available
Faust Part Two by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Philip Wayne. No description available
The Jew of Malta by Christopher Marlowe H. Havelock Ellis. No description available
The Trumpeter of Krakow by Eric P. Kelly Janina Domanska. No description available
Numerical Recipes in C The Art of Scientific Computing by William H. Press Saul A. Teukolsky William T. Vetterling Brian P. Flannery. No description available
Numerical Recipes Example Book C The Art of Scientific Computing by William T. Vetterling William H. Press Saul A. Teukolsky. No description available
Numerical Recipes Example Book C by William T. Vetterling Saul A. Teukolsky William H. Press Brian P. Flannery. No description available
Eugene Onegin by Alexander Pushkin James E. Falen. No description available
Eugene Onegin by Alexander Pushkin Charles Johnston Michael Basker John Bayley. No description available
Eugene Onegin by Alexander Pushkin Charles Johnston John Bayley. No description available
Eugene Onegin by Alexander Pushkin Walter W. Arndt. No description available
Eugene Onegin A Novel in Verse Vol. 1 by Alexander Pushkin Vladimir Nabokov. No description available
Eugene Onegin Vol. II Commentary by Alexander Pushkin Vladimir Nabokov. No description available
Eugene Onegin A Novel in Verse by Alexander Pushkin Douglas R. Hofstadter. No description available
Eugene Onegin by Alexander Pushkin Tom Beck. No description available
Data Structures and Algorithms in Java by Michael T. Goodrich Roberto Tamassia. No description available
Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis in C by Mark Allen Weiss. No description available
Data Structures and Algorithms in C by Adam Drozdek. No description available
Data Structures and Abstractions with Java by Frank M. Carrano Walter J. Savitch. No description available
Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis in C by Mark Allen Weiss. No description available
Algorithms in C Parts 1 4 Fundamentals Data Structures Sorting Searching by Robert Sedgewick. No description available
Savage Stone Age Sticker Book Horrible Histories by Terry Deary. No description available
The Girl the Dragon and the Wild Magic Rhianna 1 by Dave Luckett. No description available
Wildfire Drinker of Souls Wild Magic 2 by Jo Clayton. No description available
A Sudden Wild Magic by Diana Wynne Jones. No description available
"Wild Magic Drinker of Souls Wild Magic 1 by Jo Clayton. Wild Magic is a New Zealand herb garden open to the public. This publication describes the care and maintenance of the garden, planting lists and practices used for pest control."
"Exile's Children Exiles 1 by Angus Wells. Part One Of The Exiles Saga In the peaceful land of Ket Ta Witko, the People have lived for generations in harmony, kept from trouble by their Seers' guiding dreams. But not even those talents are proof against the powers of love and love thwarted. When a blood feud escalates into violence, the People find themselves beset by a race of implacable demons, intent on destroying everything they hold dear. And their one chance at redemption lies worlds away, in the harsh and dismal prison colony of Salvation, where a tavern girl, a gambler, and a young boy with the forbidden talent for True Dreaming have been unjustly accused and bound into a lifetime of servitude. Individually, they are helpless. Together, they may alter the future forever."
Lords of the Sky by Angus Wells. No description available
On a Dark Night I Left My Silent House by Peter Handke Krishna Winston. No description available
Selected Writings by Augustine of Hippo Emilie Griffin Mary T. Clark Francine du Plessix Gray. No description available
The Essential Augustine by Augustine of Hippo Vernon J. Bourke. No description available
A Mortal Bane Magdalene La Batarde 1 by Roberta Gellis. No description available
Crimes Against Nature How George W. Bush and His Corporate Pals Are Plundering the Country and Hijacking Our Democracy by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.. No description available
A Lie and a Libel The History of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion by Binjamin W. Segel Richard S. Levy Sergei Nilus. No description available
Citizen X Killer Department by Robert Cullen. No description available
A Mulligan for Bobby Jobe A Novel by Bob Cullen. No description available
Close Range by Annie Proulx. No description available
Accordion Crimes by Annie Proulx. No description available
Heart Songs and Other Stories by Annie Proulx. No description available
Cider by Annie Proulx Lew Nichols. No description available
Authentic Happiness Using the New Positive Psychology to Realize Your Potential for Lasting Fulfillment by Martin E.P. Seligman. No description available
Shamanism Archaic Techniques of Ecstasy by Mircea Eliade Wendy Doniger Willard R. Trask. No description available
Images and Symbols Studies in Religious Symbolism by Mircea Eliade Philip Mairet. No description available
The Myth of the Eternal Return or Cosmos and History by Mircea Eliade Willard R. Trask. No description available
Youth Without Youth Other Novellas Romanian Literature Thought in Translation by Mircea Eliade Mac L. Ricketts Matei C linescu. No description available
Bengal Nights by Mircea Eliade Catherine Spencer. No description available
Myth and Reality by Mircea Eliade Willard R. Trask. No description available
Dark Intimacy Hope for Those in Difficult Prayer Experiences by David J. Hassel. No description available
As Eve Said to the Serpent On Landscape Gender and Art by Rebecca Solnit. No description available
River of Shadows Eadweard Muybridge and the Technological Wild West by Rebecca Solnit. No description available
Wanderlust A History of Walking by Rebecca Solnit. No description available
Storming the Gates of Paradise Landscapes for Politics by Rebecca Solnit. No description available
Situationist International Anthology Revised and Expanded Edition by Ken Knabb. No description available
Leaving the 20th Century The Incomplete Work of the Situationist International by Chris Gray Larry Law. No description available
Barrel Fever and Other Stories by David Sedaris Amy Sedaris. No description available
The Birth of Venus by Sarah Dunant. No description available
Gabriel Garc a M rquez One Hundred Years of Solitude by Michael Wood. No description available
Far Afield by Susanna Kaysen. No description available
The Steps Steps 1 by Rachel Cohn. No description available
The Know It All One Man's Humble Quest to Become the Smartest Person in the World by A.J. Jacobs. No description available
The Eden Express A Memoir of Insanity by Mark Vonnegut Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. No description available
A Wicked Gentleman Cavendish Square 1 by Jane Feather. No description available
A Picture Book of Thomas Jefferson Picture Book Biographies Picture Book Biography by David A. Adler John Wallner Alexandra Wallner. No description available
Bound In Blood The Erotic Journey of a Vampire by David Thomas Lord. No description available
On Vital Reserves by William James Stephen Vicchio. No description available
"Blue Shoes and Happiness No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 7 by Alexander McCall Smith. Fans around the world adore the bestselling No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency series and its proprietor, Precious Ramotswe, Botswana s premier lady detective. In this charming series, Mma Ramotswe with help from her loyal associate, Grace Makutsi navigates her cases and her personal life with wisdom, good humor, and the occasional cup of tea. Life is good for Mma Ramotswe as she sets out with her usual resolve to solve people s problems, heal their misfortunes, and untangle the mysteries that make life interesting. And life is never dull on Tlokweng Road. A new and rather too brusque advice columnist is appearing in the local paper. Then, a cobra is found in the offices of the No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency. Recently, the Mokolodi Game Preserve manager feels an infectious fear spreading among his workers, and a local doctor may be falsifying blood pressure readings. To further complicate matters, Grace Makutsi may have scared off her own fianc . Mma Ramotswe, however, is always up to the challenge. And Blue Shoes and Happiness will not fail to entertain Alexander McCall Smith s oldest fans and newest converts with its great wit, charm, and great good will."
"The Titan's Curse Percy Jackson and the Olympians 3 by Rick Riordan. When the goddess Artemis goes missing, she is believed to have been kidnapped. And now it's up to Percy and his friends to find out what happened. Who is powerful enough to kidnap a goddess?"
The Sea of Monsters Percy Jackson and the Olympians 2 by Rick Riordan. No description available
"The Lightning Thief Percy Jackson and the Olympians 1 by Rick Riordan. The 1 New York Times Bestseller Now a series on Disney 12 year old Percy Jackson discovers he is the son of Poseidon in the opener to the hilarious, fast paced adventure fantasy series for young readers ages 10 and up The eBook edition of the first book in Rick Riordan s thrilling series, filled with magic, mythology, and plenty of monsters Percy Jackson is about to be kicked out of boarding school again he can't seem to stay out of trouble. Is he supposed to stand by while a bully picks on his scrawny best friend? Or not defend himself when his teacher turns into a monster and tries to kill him? Mythical creatures seem to be walking straight out of the pages of Percy's Greek mythology textbook and into his life. What s worse, he's angered a few of them Zeus's master lightning bolt has been stolen, and Percy is the prime suspect. Percy and his friends Grover the satyr, and Annabeth, the demigod daughter of Athena, must find and return Zeus's stolen property and bring peace to a warring Mount Olympus. They travel cross country to the gates of the Underworld in Los Angeles, facing a host of enemies determined to stop them. Withmillions of copies and over 10 years spent on the New York Times bestseller list, Percy has also become a movie, a Broadway musical, and now a Disney series. He continues to find fans in classrooms and libraries across the world."
When Santa Fell to Earth by Cornelia Funke Paul Howard Oliver G. Latsch. No description available
Inkheart Inkworld 1 by Cornelia Funke Anthea Bell. No description available
"Inkspell Inkworld 2 by Cornelia Funke Anthea Bell. The captivating sequel to INKHEART, the critically acclaimed, international bestseller by Cornelia Funke available for the first time in a beautifully designed trade paperback!Although a year has passed, not a day goes by without Meggie thinking of INKHEART, the book whose characters became real. But for Dustfinger, the fire eater brought into being from words, the need to return to the tale has become desperate. When he finds a crooked storyteller with the ability to read him back, Dustfinger leaves behind his young apprentice Farid and plunges into the medieval world of his past. Distraught, Farid goes in search of Meggie, and before long, both are caught inside the book, too. But the story is threatening to evolve in ways neither of them could ever have imagined."
Ghosthunters and the Incredibly Revolting Ghost Ghosthunters 1 by Cornelia Funke. No description available
Ghosthunters and the Muddy Monster of Doom! Ghosthunters 4 by Cornelia Funke Helena Ragg Kirkby. Tom must face frightening final exams before he can earn his Ghosthunting Diploma.
The Metaphysical Club by Louis Menand. No description available
"Vulcan's Forge Philip Mercer 1 by Jack Du Brul. It begins deep beneath the Pacific Ocean, where a nuclear bomb strikes at the fiery hot heart of the earth. Churning, spewing boiling lava, a volcano rises with unnatural speed from the ocean floor the source of a new mineral that promises clean, limitless nuclear power. It continues in hot spots around the globe Hawaii, where a secessionist movement is about to turn violent and the American army may be asked to fire on U.S. citizens Washington, D.C., where the subway system becomes the site of a running gun battle the Far East, where disrupted diplomatic negotiations jeopardize world peace a rogue Russian submarine, circling the infant volcano. Caught in the middle is Philip Mercer, a geologist and a one time commando with shady contacts in all the right or is it wrong? places. When Mercer learns that the daughter of an old friend is being kept under armed guard in a local hospital, he vows to rescue her, not knowing that this is the first step in unraveling the fantastic secrets of Vulcan's Forge."
"Pandora's Curse Philip Mercer 4 by Jack Du Brul. During World War II, in a secret Nazi submarine base, containers crafted entirely from looted wartime gold were hidden away. The treasure was not the solid gold chests, but the cargo they carried an artifact so lethal that whoever possessed Pandora s boxes held the power to unleash hell upon the Earth In the unforgiving wastes of Greenland, geologist Philip Mercer uncovers a long abandoned U.S. Army base buried under the ice and a long dead body still hot with radiation. But before Mercer and his colleague, the seductive Dr. Anika Klein, can investigate further, a flash fire engulfs the base. Ordered to evacuate, their plane is forced to land when a bomb is discovered on board, and they must seek shelter from the murderous weather in a hidden ice cavern. That s where they learn the startling truth. A powerful German corporation has launched an operation to destroy evidence of its Nazi past. But one of the corporate mercenaries knows what s inside the Pandora s boxes, and he plans to hold the entire world hostage unless Mercer can find a way to stop him"
Charon's Landing Philip Mercer 2 by Jack Du Brul. No description available
The Medusa Stone Philip Mercer 3 by Jack Du Brul. No description available
"River Of Ruin Philip Mercer 5 by Jack Du Brul. Bidding on a rare diary, written during the French attempt to dig the Panama Canal, geologist Philip Mercer finds himself caught up in a complex Chinese plot to trigger a shift in the world's balance of power."
"Deep Fire Rising Philip Mercer 6 by Jack Du Brul. USA Today bestselling author Jack Du Brul brings back geologist adventurer Philip Mercer for an apocalyptic adventure. Hired to lead the excavation of caverns deep beneath Area 51, Philip Mercer finds himself drilling straight into the epicenter of an age old conspiracy. A reclusive order of Himalayan monks, through special knowledge of the earth s tectonic movement, has predicted the end of the world and it is determined to see the prediction unfold accordingly. Now, with icebergs floating through the South Pacific and a thermonuclear bomb set to destroy an island paradise, the stage is set for Armageddon and it is up to Philip Mercer and the beautiful, mysterious Tisa Nguyan to prevent a cataclysm beyond imagination."
And the Band Played On Politics People and the AIDS Epidemic by Randy Shilts William Greider. No description available
The Band Played Dixie Race and the Liberal Conscience at Ole Miss by Nadine Cohodas. No description available
La mezzanine by Nicholson Baker. No description available
Checkpoint by Nicholson Baker. No description available
Double Fold Libraries and the Assault on Paper by Nicholson Baker. No description available
A Box of Matches by Nicholson Baker. No description available
Dark Star Safari Overland from Cairo to Cape Town by Paul Theroux. No description available
"The Magicians' Guild Black Magician Trilogy 1 by Trudi Canavan. Following The Magicians' Guild and The Novice comes the third book in the phenomenally popular Black Magician Trilogy, from international No. 1 bestselling author Trudi Canavan Over 3 million Trudi Canavan copies sold worldwide In the city of Imardin, where those who wield magic wield power, a young street girl, adopted by the Magician's Guild, finds herself at the centre of a terrible plot that may destroy the entire world . . . Sonea has learned much at the magicians' guild and the other novices now treat her with a grudging respect. But she cannot forget what she witnessed in the High Lord's underground room or his warning that the realm's ancient enemy is growing in power once more. As Sonea learns more, she begins to doubt her guildmaster's word. Could the truth really be as terrifying as Akkarin claims, or is he trying to trick her into assisting in some unspeakably dark scheme? Praise for Trudi Canavan 'Epic, vivid and believable' Guardian 'It's easy to see why Trudi Canavan's novels so often make the bestseller lists. Her easy, flowing style makes for effortless reading . . . Delightful worldbuilding . . . Vivid and enjoyable' SFX 'The world building is tremendous. The magical system is sophisticated and fascinating' Striking Keys 'A suspenseful masterpiece . . . will have fans desperate for the sequel' RT Book Reviews 'Superb . . . an enthralling tapestry of a book that's hard to put down' Fantasy Faction The Black Magician Trilogy The Magicians' Guild The Novice The High Lord Have you tried Trudi Canavan's stunning new series, Millennium's Rule? It starts with the Sunday Times bestselling THIEF'S MAGIC"
The Novice Black Magician Trilogy 2 by Trudi Canavan. No description available
"The High Lord Black Magician Trilogy 3 by Trudi Canavan. Following The Magicians' Guild and The Novice comes the third book in the phenomenally popular Black Magician Trilogy, from international No. 1 bestselling author Trudi Canavan Over 3 million Trudi Canavan copies sold worldwide In the city of Imardin, where those who wield magic wield power, a young street girl, adopted by the Magician's Guild, finds herself at the centre of a terrible plot that may destroy the entire world . . . Sonea has learned much at the magicians' guild and the other novices now treat her with a grudging respect. But she cannot forget what she witnessed in the High Lord's underground room or his warning that the realm's ancient enemy is growing in power once more. As Sonea learns more, she begins to doubt her guildmaster's word. Could the truth really be as terrifying as Akkarin claims, or is he trying to trick her into assisting in some unspeakably dark scheme? Praise for Trudi Canavan 'Epic, vivid and believable' Guardian 'It's easy to see why Trudi Canavan's novels so often make the bestseller lists. Her easy, flowing style makes for effortless reading . . . Delightful worldbuilding . . . Vivid and enjoyable' SFX 'The world building is tremendous. The magical system is sophisticated and fascinating' Striking Keys 'A suspenseful masterpiece . . . will have fans desperate for the sequel' RT Book Reviews 'Superb . . . an enthralling tapestry of a book that's hard to put down' Fantasy Faction The Black Magician Trilogy The Magicians' Guild The Novice The High Lord Have you tried Trudi Canavan's stunning new series, Millennium's Rule? It starts with the Sunday Times bestselling THIEF'S MAGIC"
Stone Age Economics by Marshall Sahlins. No description available
How Natives Think About Captain Cook For Example by Marshall Sahlins. No description available
The Use and Abuse of Biology An Anthropological Critique of Sociobiology by Marshall Sahlins. No description available
Historical Metaphors and Mythical Realities Structure in the Early History of the Sandwich Islands Kingdom by Marshall Sahlins. No description available
Legacy of the Darksword The Darksword 4 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
When Rain Clouds Gather by Bessie Head. No description available
Election by Tom Perrotta. No description available
Joe College by Tom Perrotta. No description available
A Void by Georges Perec Gilbert Adair. No description available
Things A Story of the Sixties A Man Asleep by Georges Perec David Bellos Andrew Leak. No description available
W or the Memory of Childhood by Georges Perec David Bellos. No description available
Species of Spaces and Other Pieces by Georges Perec John Sturrock. No description available
The Daring Young Man on the Flying Trapeze and Other Stories by William Saroyan. No description available
My Name is Aram by William Saroyan Don Freeman. No description available
Karate Is a Thing of the Spirit by Harry Crews. No description available
La disparition by Georges Perec. No description available
Las Noches Blancas. El Jugador. Un Ladr n Honrado. Sepan Cuantos 259 by Fyodor Dostoyevsky. No description available
Los hermanos Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Alexander Pushkin Guillermo Suazo Pascual. No description available
Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Richard Pevear Larissa Volokhonsky. No description available
I Wish That I Had Duck Feet by Theo LeSieg Dr. Seuss Barney Tobey. No description available
And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street by Dr. Seuss. No description available
I'm the One That I Want by Margaret Cho. No description available
Am I That Name? Feminism And The Category Of Women In History by Denise Riley. No description available
Zazie in the Metro by Raymond Queneau Barbara Wright Gilbert Adair. No description available
The Blue Flowers by Raymond Queneau. No description available
Witch Grass by Raymond Queneau Barbara Wright. No description available
The Last Days by Raymond Queneau Barbara Wright Vivian Kogan. No description available
The Flight of Icarus by Raymond Queneau Barbara Wright. No description available
Heartsnatcher by Boris Vian Stanley Chapman Raymond Queneau John Sturrock. No description available
Dead Souls by Nikolai Gogol Robert A. Maguire Zlatko Crnkovi. No description available
Diary of a Madman and Other Stories by Nikolai Gogol. No description available
"In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower In Search of Lost Time 2 by Marcel Proust James Grieve Christopher Prendergast. Within a Budding Grove 1919 is the second volume of Marcel Proust s seven part novel In Search of Lost Time. Written while Proust was virtually confined to his bedroom from a lifelong respiratory illness, Within a Budding Grove is a story of memory, history, family, and romance from a master of Modernist literature. Praised by Virginia Woolf, Vladimir Nabokov, Michael Chabon, and Graham Greene, In Search of Lost Time explores the nature of memory and time while illuminating the history of homosexuality in nineteenth century Europe. After years of admiring the Swann family from a distance, the narrator befriends the lovely young Gilberte. Through her, he gains access to her parents and their home, where artists and intellectuals gather to discuss their lofty ideals alongside the latest gossip. Despite his attraction to Gilberte, he finds himself enthralled with her mother, a careworn beauty so often ignored by her husband. As he grows and learns, he begins to recognize the reality concealed by convention the secret liaisons between lovers the petty competitions of artists the fleeting nature of affection and lust alike. Written in flowing prose, Within a Budding Grove is a masterpiece of twentieth century fiction that continues to entertain and astound over a century after it appeared in print. With a beautifully designed cover and professionally typeset manuscript, this edition of Marcel Proust s Within a Budding Grove is a classic work of French literature reimagined for modern readers."
Proust's Way A Field Guide to In Search of Lost Time by Roger Shattuck. No description available
Marcel Proust A Life by William C. Carter. No description available
"Within a Budding Grove Volume 2 Remembrance of Things Past 3 by St phane Heuet Stanislas Br zet Marcel Proust. First published in 1919, Within a Budding Grove was awarded the Prix Goncourt, bringing the author immediate fame. In this second volume of Remembrance of Things Past, the narrator turns from the childhood reminiscences of Swann's Way to memories of his adolescence. Having gradually become indifferent to Swann's daughter Gilberte, the narrator visits the seaside resort of Balbec with his grandmother and meets a new object of attention Albertine, a girl with brilliant, laughing eyes and plump, matt cheeks."
"In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower In Search of Lost Time 2 by Marcel Proust James Grieve. Within a Budding Grove 1919 is the second volume of Marcel Proust s seven part novel In Search of Lost Time. Written while Proust was virtually confined to his bedroom from a lifelong respiratory illness, Within a Budding Grove is a story of memory, history, family, and romance from a master of Modernist literature. Praised by Virginia Woolf, Vladimir Nabokov, Michael Chabon, and Graham Greene, In Search of Lost Time explores the nature of memory and time while illuminating the history of homosexuality in nineteenth century Europe. After years of admiring the Swann family from a distance, the narrator befriends the lovely young Gilberte. Through her, he gains access to her parents and their home, where artists and intellectuals gather to discuss their lofty ideals alongside the latest gossip. Despite his attraction to Gilberte, he finds himself enthralled with her mother, a careworn beauty so often ignored by her husband. As he grows and learns, he begins to recognize the reality concealed by convention the secret liaisons between lovers the petty competitions of artists the fleeting nature of affection and lust alike. Written in flowing prose, Within a Budding Grove is a masterpiece of twentieth century fiction that continues to entertain and astound over a century after it appeared in print. With a beautifully designed cover and professionally typeset manuscript, this edition of Marcel Proust s Within a Budding Grove is a classic work of French literature reimagined for modern readers."
Remembrance of Things Past Volume II The Guermantes Way Cities of the Plain by Marcel Proust C.K. Scott Moncrieff Terence Kilmartin. No description available
Combray Remembrance of Things Past 1 by St phane Heuet Marcel Proust Joe Johnson. No description available
Proust And Signs The Complete Text by Gilles Deleuze Richard Howard. No description available
Germinal by mile Zola Roger Pearson. No description available
Taxi Driver by Amy Taubin. No description available
The Masterpiece by mile Zola Roger Pearson. No description available
"His Excellency Les Rougon Macquart 6 by mile Zola Andrew Moore Ernest Alfred Vizetelly. His Excellency Son Excellence Eug ne Rougon is the one existing French novel which gives the reader a fair general idea of what occurred in political spheres at an important period of the Empire. It is a book for foreigners and particularly Englishmen to read with profit, for there are yet many among them who cherish the delusion that Napol on III was not only a good and true friend of England, but also a wise and beneficent ruler of France and this, although his reign began with bloodshed and trickery, was prolonged by means of innumerable subterfuges, and ended in woe, horror, and disgrace... There is, of course, some fiction in the book but, again and again, page after page, I have found a simple record of fact, just deftly adapted to suit the requirements of the narrative. The history of the Second Empire is probably as familiar to me as it is to M. Zola himself for, like him, I grew to manhood in its midst, with better opportunities, too, than he had of observing certain of its distinguishing features and thus I have been able to identify innumerable incidents and allusions, and trace to their very source some of the most curious passages in the book. And it is for this reason, and by virtue of my own knowledge and experience, that I claim for His Excellency the merit of reflecting things as they really were in the earlier years of the Imperial r gime. Ernest Alfred Vizetelly"
The Ladies' Paradise by mile Zola Robin Buss Brian Nelson. No description available
The Conquest of Plassans Les Rougon Macquart 4 by mile Zola Ernest Alfred Vizetelly. No description available
La B te humaine by mile Zola Henri Mitterand. No description available
Taxi Driver by Paul Schrader. No description available
La D b cle by mile Zola Robert Lethbridge Elinor Dorday. No description available
The Earth by mile Zola Douglas Parm e. No description available
Intimate Enemies by Shana Abe. No description available
The Truelove Bride by Shana Abe. No description available
The Secret Swan by Shana Abe. No description available
"The Smoke Thief Drakon 1 by Shana Abe. For centuries they ve lived in secret among northern England s green and misted hills. Creatures of extraordinary beauty, power, and sensuality, they possess the ability to shape shift from human to dragon and back again. Now their secret and their survival is threatened by a temptation that will break every boundary. . . . Dubbed the Smoke Thief, a daring jewel thief is confounding the London police. His wealthy victims claim the master burglar can walk through walls and vanish into thin air. But Christoff, the charismatic Marquess of Langford, knows the truth the thief is no ordinary human but a runner who s fled Darkfrith without permission. As Alpha leader of the dra kon, it s Kit s duty to capture the fugitive before the secrets of the tribe are revealed to mortals. But not even Kit suspects that the Smoke Thief could be a woman. Clarissa Rue Hawthorne knew her dangerous exploits would attract the attention of the dra kon. But she didn t expect Christoff himself to come to London, dangling the tribe s most valuable jewel the Langford Diamond as bait. For as long as she could remember, Rue had lived the life of a halfling half dra kon, half mortal and an outcast in both worlds. She d always loved the handsome and willful Kit from the only place it was safe from afar. But now she was no longer the shy, timid girl she d once been. She was the first woman capable of making the Turn in four generations. So why did she still feel the same dizzying sense of vulnerability whenever he was near? From the moment he saw her, Kit knew that the alluring and powerful beauty was every bit his Alpha equal and destined to be his bride. And by the harsh laws of the dra kon, Rue knew that she was the property of the marquess. But they will risk banishment and worse for a chance at something greater. For now Rue is his prisoner, the diamond has disappeared, and she s made the kind of dangerous proposition a man like Kit cannot resist. . . . In this bewitching novel, Shana Ab transports us into a world of exhilarating romance and magic."
Strategies of Containment A Critical Appraisal of American National Security Policy During the Cold War by John Lewis Gaddis. No description available
A Frolic of His Own by William Gaddis. No description available
Agap Agape by William Gaddis Sven Birkerts Joseph Tabbi. No description available
The Review of Contemporary Fiction Fall 2001 Gilbert Sorrentino William Gaddis Mary Caponegro Margery Latimer by John O'Brien David Andrews John Beer Robert L. McLaughlin Joy Castro. No description available
Carpenter's Gothic by William Gaddis. No description available
First Love and Other Stories by Ivan Turgenev Richard Freeborn. No description available
Sketches from a Hunter's Album by Ivan Turgenev Richard Freeborn. No description available
Spring Torrents by Ivan Turgenev Leonard Schapiro. No description available
Home of the Gentry by Ivan Turgenev Richard Freeborn. No description available
ADHD in Adulthood A Guide to Current Theory Diagnosis and Treatment by Margaret Weiss Gabrielle Weiss Lily Trokenberg Hechtman. No description available
Sclerotherapy and vein treatment by Robert A. Weiss Margaret A. Weiss Karen L. Beasley. No description available
Fantastic Alice by Margaret Weis Esther M. Friesner Roger Zelazny Bruce Holland Rogers Robin Wayne Bailey Janet Pack Lawrence Schimel Jody Lynn Nye Janet Asimov Lisa Mason Jane Lindskold Mickey Zucker Reichert Lawrence Watt Evans Peter Crowther Gary A. Braunbeck Connie Hirsch Tobin Larson Kevin T. Stein. No description available
"The Reign of Istar Dragonlance Tales II 1 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. The final volume in the Dwarven Nations trilogy reveals the origin story of Derkin, King of Living Stone the legendary dwarven leader Despite the stubborn courage of dwarven warriors, the protracted Wilderness War ends as a no win. The Swordsheath Scroll is signed, and Thorbardin shows its support of the open minded Qualinesti elves by joining in the construction of Pax Tharkas, a magnificent fortress and a symbol of peace. Meanwhile, the Mountain Dwarves await the coming of a king who will restore them to their former glory. When a new leader emerges from their midst, it seems the prophecy has been fulfilled and a victory over the Ergothians is no longer a futile hope. He is Derkin, the King of Living Stone a hero whose bravery and wisdom will be written in the dwarven annals and whose name will become the throne name of all future dwarven kings."
Dragons of the Highlord Skies Dragonlance The Lost Chronicles 2 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
The Players of Gilean Dragonlance Tales from the War of Souls 2 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman Aron Eisenberg Jean Rabe Richard A. Knaak Douglas Niles Paul B. Thompson. No description available
"The Hand of Chaos The Death Gate Cycle 5 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. Chaos is everywhere as the Lord of the Nexus orders his servant Haplo and the human child known as Bane to further their master's work on Arianus, the realm of air. But their one time companion Alfred has been cast into the deadly Labyrinth. And somehow the assassin Hugh the Hand has been resurrected to complete his dark mission. More important, the evil force that Haplo and Alfred discovered on Arianus has escaped. As Haplo's doubts about his master grow deeper, he must decide whether to obey the Lord of the Nexus or betray the powerful Patryn...and endeavor to bring peace to the universe."
The Seventh Gate The Death Gate Cycle 7 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
Into the Labyrinth The Death Gate Cycle 6 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
"Elven Star The Death Gate Cycle 2 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. On steamy Pryan, never ending sunlight and plentiful rain have created a jungle so vast that humans and elves dwell high in the trees and only dwarves live anywhere near the ground. From the treetops the aristocratic elves sell weapons to the other races, whose incessant warfare sends a steady steam of profits and essential resources skyward. Now, generations of dissent and race hatred will not heal not even under the threat of annihilation at the hands of legendary Titans. Armed with little more than their wits and prophecy, an elf, a human, and a dwarf must unite to try to save the world from destruction."
Beyond Death The Gates of Consciousness by Stanislav Grof Christina Grof. No description available
The Mantle of Kendis Dai Starshield 1 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
Warrior Angel by Margaret Weis Lizz Weis. No description available
Dragons of a Vanished Moon Dragonlance The War of Souls 3 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
Starshield Sentinels by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
The Soulforge Dragonlance Raistlin Chronicles 1 by Margaret Weis. No description available
Love and War Tales Volume Three Dragonlance Tales by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
New Amazons by Margaret Weis Jane Lindskold Linda Baker Kathleen M. Massie Ferch Cynthia Ward Lawrence C. Connolly John Tigges Kate Novak Janet Pack James Reasoner Livia Reasoner Nick O'Donohoe Anne Yvonne Gilbert Linda Mannheim Nancy Springer Gary A. Braunbeck Jo Clayton Robyn McGrew Kevin T. Stein Felicia Dale Russell Davis. No description available
Nightsword Starshield 2 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
Realms of Dragons The Universes of Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman by Denise Little J. Robert King Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman Janet Pack Jean Rabe. No description available
Well of Darkness Sovereign Stone 1 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
The Best of Tales Volume Two Dragonlance Anthology by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
The Search for Power Dragonlance Tales from the War of Souls 3 by Margaret Weis. No description available
Journey Into the Void Sovereign Stone 3 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
The Magic of Krynn DragonLance Tales I 1 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman Barbara Siegel Scott Siegel Roger E. Moore Warren B. Smith Nick O'Donohoe Richard A. Knaak Nancy Varian Berberick Mary L. Kirchoff Michael Williams. Set in the world of Krynn these stories are tales of fantastic characters and magical happenings
More Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home Dragonlance Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home 2 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
"Dragonsong Harper Hall 1 by Anne McCaffrey. Fifteen year old Menolly allies with magnificent dragons in the first book in the Harper Hall trilogy, set within science fiction legend Anne McCaffrey s beloved and bestselling Dragonriders of Pern series. For centuries, the world of Pern has faced a destructive force known as Thread. But the number of magnificent dragons who have protected this world and the men and women who ride them are dwindling. As fewer dragons ride the winds and destruction falls from the sky, Menolly has only one dream to sing, play, and weave the music that comes to her so easily she wishes to become a Harper. But despite her great talents, her father believes that a young girl is unworthy of such a respected position and forbids her to pursue her dreams. So Menolly runs away, taking shelter in a cave by the sea. Miraculously, she happens upon nine fire lizards that could possibly save her world...and change her life forever."
"Dragonsong Pern Harper Hall 1 by Anne McCaffrey. Fifteen year old Menolly allies with magnificent dragons in the first book in the Harper Hall trilogy, set within science fiction legend Anne McCaffrey s beloved and bestselling Dragonriders of Pern series. For centuries, the world of Pern has faced a destructive force known as Thread. But the number of magnificent dragons who have protected this world and the men and women who ride them are dwindling. As fewer dragons ride the winds and destruction falls from the sky, Menolly has only one dream to sing, play, and weave the music that comes to her so easily she wishes to become a Harper. But despite her great talents, her father believes that a young girl is unworthy of such a respected position and forbids her to pursue her dreams. So Menolly runs away, taking shelter in a cave by the sea. Miraculously, she happens upon nine fire lizards that could possibly save her world...and change her life forever."
Dragonsinger Harper Hall 2 by Anne McCaffrey. No description available
Dragondrums Harper Hall 3 by Anne McCaffrey. No description available
More Twisted Collected Stories Vol. II by Jeffery Deaver. No description available
The Coffin Dancer Lincoln Rhyme 2 by Jeffery Deaver. No description available
The Stone Monkey Lincoln Rhyme 4 by Jeffery Deaver. No description available
"The Sleeping Doll Kathryn Dance 1 by Jeffery Deaver. California Bureau of Investigation interrogator and body language expert Kathryn Dance works to recapture a dangerous escaped killer with the help of three victims from his former cult and the lone survivor from a family he slaughtered. By the author of The Bone Collector. 300,000 first printing."
"The Twelfth Card Lincoln Rhyme 6 by Jeffery Deaver. NOW A MAJOR TELEVISION EVENT FROM NBC, STARRING RUSSELL HORNSBY, ARIELLE KEBBEL, AND MICHAEL IMPERIOLI. Deaver s labyrinthine plots are astonishing The New York Times Book Review in this bestselling thriller featuring a hitman who is out to kill a young girl in Harlem and in order to save her, Lincoln Rhyme has to solve a cold case that s over 150 years old. Unlocking a cold case with explosive implications for the future of civil rights, forensics expert Lincoln Rhyme and his prot g , Amelia Sachs, must outguess a killer who has targeted a high school girl from Harlem who is digging into the past of one of her ancestors, a former slave. What buried secrets from 140 years ago could have an assassin out for innocent blood? And what chilling message is hidden in his calling card, the hanged man of the tarot deck? Rhyme must anticipate the next strike or become history in the New York Times bestseller that proves there is no thriller writer today like Jeffery Deaver San Jose Mercury News ."
"Hard News Rune 3 by Jeffery Deaver. From the bestselling author of the Bone Collector novels, soon to be an NBC series Rune is an aspiring filmmaker with more ambition than political savvy, paying her dues as an assistant cameraperson for the local news. But she's got her eyes on the prize, the network's hot newsmagazine, Current Events and she's got the story she knows will get her there. Poking around in the video archives, Rune spots a taped interview with Randy Boggs, who's doing hard time in Attica for a murder he claims he didn't commit. Rune can't say exactly why, but she's sure he's innocent. If she can prove it, Current Events won't merely report the news, it'll make news and Rune's career. But what she could be writing is Randy Boggs's epitaph and her own. Rune's newly discovered witness soon turns up dead. A hit man from Miami is on Rune's trail, and Boggs is finding prison even more dangerous than before. Someone wants this story killed, and it could be the girl with the camera who ends up on the cutting room floor."
"Death Of A Blue Movie Star Rune 2 by Jeffery Deaver. From the bestselling author of the Bone Collector novels, soon to be an NBC series Twenty one year old Rune is an aspiring filmmaker, but so far her only break has been scoring a job as an underpaid production assistant in Manhattan. Still, she's always on the lookout for the perfect topic for her own film and she thinks she's found it when she witnesses the bombing of a triple X movie theater in Times Square. Rune's got a great hook for her documentary She plans to film it through the eyes of Shelly Lowe, the porn star whose movie was playing at the theater when it exploded. But just hours after Rune films a poignant Shelly reflecting on her dreams of becoming a serious actress, a second bomb silences the beautiful film star forever. Was Shelly in the wrong place at the wrong time or was she the bomber's target all along? Rune vows to find out the truth behind the death of this blue movie star. But as she struggles to finish shooting her film, Rune's labor of love may be her final masterpiece as a shooting of a more lethal kind threatens to write an ending to this story that no one wants to see. . . ."
Bloody River Blues John Pellam 2 by William Jefferies Jeffery Deaver. No description available
"Hell's Kitchen John Pellam 3 by William Jefferies Jeffery Deaver. In Hell's Kitchen, New York City, to work on a low budget documentary on the area's colorful history, ex stuntman turned location scout John Pellam finds himself investigating a series of suspicious fires that may be linked to efforts to hide the past."
The Empty Chair Lincoln Rhyme 3 by Jeffery Deaver. No description available
Twisted The Collected Short Stories by Jeffery Deaver. No description available
The Vanished Man Lincoln Rhyme 5 by Jeffery Deaver. No description available
Praying for Sleep by Jeffery Deaver. No description available
The Devil's Teardrop by Jeffery Deaver. No description available
Judge Dredd Audio Cassette by Neal Barrett Jr. Martha Banta. No description available
Prometheus Rising by Robert Anton Wilson Israel Regardie. No description available
Tristan Taormino's True Lust by Tristan Taormino. No description available
A Free Enquiry Into the Vulgarly Received Notion of Nature by Robert Boyle Michael Hunter Edward B. Davis. No description available
The Munsters A Trip Down Mockingbird Lane by Stephen Cox Butch Patrick Yvonne DeCarlo. No description available
Immortality by Milan Kundera Peter Kussi. No description available
The Curtain An Essay in Seven Parts by Milan Kundera Linda Asher. No description available
The Art of the Novel by Milan Kundera Linda Asher. No description available
Yours in Food John Baldessari with meditations on eating by Paul Auster David Byrne Dave Eggers David Gilbert Tim Griffin Andy Grundberg John Haskell Michael Kimmelman Michael More Glenn O'Brien Francine Prose Peter Schjeldahl Lynne Tillman by John Baldessari Paul Auster Francine Prose Peter Schjeldahl David Byrne Dave Eggers David Gilbert Tim Griffin Andy Grundberg John Haskell Michael Kimmelman Glenn O'Brien Lynne Tillman. No description available
You Shall Know Our Velocity by Dave Eggers. No description available
Thin Air Weather Warden 6 by Rachel Caine. View our feature on Rachel Caine's Thin Air.
Seven Types of Ambiguity by William Empson. No description available
Traitor's Knot Wars of Light and Shadow 7 by Janny Wurts. No description available
The Curse of the Mistwraith Wars of Light and Shadow 1 by Janny Wurts. No description available
"Warhost of Vastmark Wars of Light Shadow 3 Arc 2 The Ships of Merior 2 by Janny Wurts. Tricked once more by his wily half brother, Lysaer arrives at the tiny harbour town of Merior, to find that his brother s ship yards have been meticulously destroyed and abandoned. But where is Arithon? The forces of light and shadow circle and feint, drawing ever closer to a huge conflict."
Fugitive Prince Wars of Light and Shadow 4 by Janny Wurts. No description available
Peril's Gate Wars of Light Shadow 6 Arc 3 Alliance of Light 3 by Janny Wurts. No description available
To Ride Hell's Chasm by Janny Wurts. No description available
Grand Conspiracy Wars of Light Shadow 5 Arc 3 Alliance of Light 2 by Janny Wurts. No description available
Shadowplay Shadowmarch 2 by Tad Williams. No description available
"Shadowmarch Shadowmarch 1 by Tad Williams. For generations the misty Shadowline has marked the boundary between the lands of men and the lost northern lands that are the lair of their inhuman enemies, the ageless Qar. but now that boundary line is moving outward, threatening to engulf the northernmost land in which humans still live the kingdom of Southmarch. For centuries, the Eddon family has ruled in ancient, forbidding Southmarch Castle, guarding the border against the Qar's return, but now this powerful royal line has been dealt a devestating blow. The monarch, King Olin, is being held captive in a distant land, and it falls to his inexperienced heirs to lead their people in a time of growing danger and dread. It is on the two youngest Eddons that the heaviest burdens fall. The twins Barrick and Briony, who in such evil times have only each other, may lose even that bond as darkness closes over them. As the Qar's power reaches out across their land, will Southmarch Castle, the only home they've ever known, become in fact what it has long been called Shadowmarch?"
Stone of Farewell Memory Sorrow and Thorn 2 by Tad Williams. No description available
"To Green Angel Tower Memory Sorrow and Thorn 3 by Tad Williams. The final volume in Williams' bestselling masterwork Memory, Sorrow and Thorn, is a book which readers have been awaiting since the series made its phenomenal debut in 1988, with The Dragonbone Chair. Replete with war, deception, adventure, sorcery, and romance, To Green Angel Tower brings to a stunning conclusion Williams' monumental tale of magical conflict. Daw"
The War of the Flowers by Tad Williams. No description available
City of Golden Shadow Otherland 1 by Tad Williams. Science fiction roman.
To Green Angel Tower Part 2 Memory Sorrow and Thorn 3 Part 2 by Tad Williams. No description available
Traumj ger und Goldpfote by Tad Williams Hans J. Sch tz. No description available
Falling Man by Don DeLillo. No description available
Ratner's Star by Don DeLillo. No description available
Blood Meridian or the Evening Redness in the West by Cormac McCarthy Harold Bloom. No description available
Blood Meridian by Cormac McCarthy. No description available
Cormac McCarthy's All the Pretty Horses by Harold Bloom Amy Sickels. No description available
"Four Twenty Blackbirds Bardic Voices 4 by Mercedes Lackey. The Sign of the Four by Artur Conan Doyle. Worldwide literature classic, among top 100 literary novels of all time. A must read for everybody, a book that will keep saying what it has to say for years."
"Exile's Honor Heralds of Valdemar 6 by Mercedes Lackey. Alberich had spent most of his youth in the Karsite military schools training to be an officer. As the son of an impoverished mother, he had no other career choice open to him. And Alberich had risen in the ranks with almost unnatural speed. He developed expertise with many weapons and excelled in academic subjects with an ease that was the envy of his classmates. But in fact, the reclusive Alberich studied long and hard, pushing himself ruthlessly. In battle, Alberich had always had a sort of sixth sense about things which were about to happen when and from where the enemy would attack. Instinctively, he his this ability, for the Sunpriests kept careful watch for anyone exhibiting demon powers which were the hallmark of Karse s greatest enemy the witch nation of Valdemar. Those they caught were cleansed in the fires of Vkandis Sunlord. Both Alberich s skill and secret served him well in the army of Karse, and when Alberich became one of Karse s youngest captains, he received a special gift a powerful white stallion liberated from the enemy. But this honor was merely a distraction, for the Sunpriests had laid a trap which even Alberich s strange foresight could not predict Saved from burning as a witch when this odd white stallion braved flames and carried him over the border into Valdemar, he was healed by the same enemies he had been taught to hate his entire life. Though he knew he could never again return to his home, Alberich also knew he could never truly become a Valdemaran. How could Alberich remain true to his own people and still retain his honor while helping to train the direst enemy of Karse?"
"Spirits White as Lightning Bedlam's Bard 5 by Mercedes Lackey Rosemary Edghill. SET A TRAP FOR A SORCERER . . . WITHOUT BEING TRAPPED YOURSELF! Eric Banyon has settled into the New York whirl nicely he's doing well at Juilliard, he's made a lot of new friends, he's defeated a lord of the Unseleighe Sidhe . . . Or has he Aerune mac Audelaine, whose beloved was killed by mortal men, was determined to destroy the human race until Eric, with a little help from his new friends the Guardians, thwarted Aerune's plans and exposed the chemists whose designer poison turned ordinary humans into zombie Mages. The human side of the threat is finished, but Aerune, like the rest of the Sidhe, has a long memory . . . and a lot of patience. He's also got Jeanette Campbell, former Threshold Black Ops, and the science behind the murder. Can Eric stop Aerune's latest plan Only if he finds out about it before it's too late, but between babysitting a visiting Healer, training a banjo playing Bard, attending his daughter's Underhill Naming ceremony, dealing with a dragon and trying to survive summer school Eric's got his hands full. Saving the world has never been more necessary or come at a higher price. At the publisher's request, this title is sold without DRM Digital Rights Management ."
Beyond World's End Bedlam's Bard 4 by Mercedes Lackey Rosemary Edghill. No description available
The Dragon Quintet by Marvin Kaye Michael Swanwick Orson Scott Card Mercedes Lackey Tanith Lee Elizabeth Moon. No description available
Fiddler Fair by Mercedes Lackey. No description available
"Take a Thief Valdemar 25 by Mercedes Lackey. Mercedes Lackey's triumphant return to the best selling world of Valdemar, Take a Thief reveals the untold story of Skif a popular character from Lackey's first published novel, Arrows of the Queen. Skif was an orphan who would have died from malnutrition and exposure if he had never met Deke the pickpocket. By the time he was twelve, Skif was an accomplished cat burglar. But it wasn't until he decided to steal a finely tacked out white horse, which was, oddly enough, standing unattended in the street, that this young thief discovered that the tables could turn on him and that he himself could be stolen!"
Magic's Price Valdemar Last Herald Mage 3 by Mercedes Lackey. No description available
By the Sword Valdemar by Mercedes Lackey. No description available
Oathblood Valdemar Vows and Honor 3 by Mercedes Lackey. No description available
CivilWarLand in Bad Decline by George Saunders. No description available
The Very Persistent Gappers of Frip by George Saunders Lane Smith. No description available
The Brief and Frightening Reign of Phil by George Saunders. No description available
The Cheese Monkeys by Chip Kidd. No description available
"Magic's Pawn Valdemar Last Herald Mage 1 by Mercedes Lackey. Groundbreaking epic fantasy series in Mercedes Lackey s Valdemar universe Lambda Award winning novels with heartfelt high adventure and magic Though Vanyel has been born with near legendary abilities to work both Herald and Mage magic, he wanted no part in such things. Nor does he seek a warrior s path, wishing instead to become a Bard. Yet such talent as his, if left untrained, may prove a menace not only to Vanyel but to others as well. So he is sent to be fostered with his aunt, Savil, one of the fame Herald Mages of Valdemar. But, strong willed and self centered, Vanyel is a challenge which even Savil cannot master alone. For soon he will become the focus of frightening forces, lending his raw magic to a spell that unleashes terrifying wyr hunters on the land. And by the time Savil seeks the assistance of a Shin a in Adept, Vanyel s wild talent may have already grown beyond anyone s ability to contain, placing Vanyel, Savil, and Valdemar itself in desperate peril."
"Magic's Promise Valdemar Last Herald Mage 2 by Mercedes Lackey. Groundbreaking epic fantasy series in Mercedes Lackey s Valdemar universe Lambda Award winning novels with heartfelt high adventure and magic Wild magic is taking its toll on the land. Many Heralds and Herald Mages have died fighting to preserve the peace. Even Vanyel, the most powerful of the Herald Mages is almost at the end of his strength, in need of a respite from the dual threats of war and dark magic. But for Vanyel, there can be no rest. Not when his Companion, Yfandes, receives a summons which can t be ignored a desperate cry of a magical holocaust in the neighboring kingdom. Almost overwhelmed by the devastations they discover there, Herald Mage and Companion must try to unravel this tragic mystery. Is the young Prince Tashir, a newly Chosen Herald who can t control his magic, responsible for the destruction? Or is Tashir a pawn in a deeper, more deadly game and, if so, will Vanyel be able to find and defeat the true destroyer before this master of dark powers can strike again?"
His Master's Voice by Stanis aw Lem Michael Kandel. No description available
The Chain of Chance by Stanis aw Lem Louis Iribarne. No description available
Fiasco by Stanis aw Lem Michael Kandel. No description available
A Perfect Vacuum by Stanis aw Lem Michael Kandel. No description available
Eden by Stanis aw Lem Marc E. Heine. No description available
Tales of Pirx the Pilot by Stanis aw Lem Louis Iribarne. No description available
The Song of Rhiannon by Evangeline Walton. No description available
Why Did the Soviet Union Collapse? Understanding Historical Change by Robert W. Strayer. No description available
Ballad of the Whiskey Robber A True Story of Bank Heists Ice Hockey Transylvanian Pelt Smuggling Moonlighting Detectives and Broken Hearts by Julian Rubinstein. No description available
Changeling by Roger Zelazny. No description available
"The Waterborn Children of the Changeling 1 by Greg Keyes J. Gregory Keyes. In the City of Nohl, a princess is fated to be transformed by a river god into a monster and she prays for a hero to come and save her. The prayers are heard in a distant land by a farmer's son who acquires a magic sword and sets sail for Nohl."
Social Psychology by Elliot Aronson Robin M. Akert Timothy D. Wilson. No description available
Influence The Psychology of Persuasion by Robert B. Cialdini. No description available
Writings 1902 1910 The Varieties of Religious Experience Pragmatism A Pluralistic Universe The Meaning of Truth Some Problems of Philosophy Essays by William James Bruce Kuklick. No description available
Writings 1878 1899 Psychology Briefer Course The Will to Believe Talks to Teachers and to Students Essays by William James Gerald Eugene Myers. No description available
The Will to Believe Human Immortality and Other Essays in Popular Philosophy by William James. No description available
Ghost Hunters William James and the Search for Scientific Proof of Life After Death by Deborah Blum. No description available
The Principles of Psychology Vols 1 2 Works of William James by William James Frederick Burkhardt Rand B. Evans Gerald Eugene Myers. No description available
The Story of Philosophy by Will Durant Grover Gardner. No description available
"The Return of the King The Lord of the Rings 3 by J.R.R. Tolkien Rob Inglis. Begin your journey into Middle earth. The inspiration for the upcoming original series on Prime Video, The Lord of the Rings The Rings of Power. The Return of the King is the third part of J.R.R. Tolkien s epic adventure The Lord of the Rings. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them. The Dark Lord has risen, and as he unleashes hordes of Orcs to conquer all Middle earth, Frodo and Sam struggle deep into his realm in Mordor. To defeat Sauron, the One Ring must be destroyed in the fires of Mount Doom. But the way is impossibly hard, and Frodo is weakening. The Ring corrupts all who bear it and Frodo s time is running out. Will Sam and Frodo succeed, or will the Dark Lord rule Middle earth once more?"
"The Book of Lost Tales Part Two The History of Middle earth 2 by J.R.R. Tolkien Christopher Tolkien. The extraordinary history of Middle earth, edited by Christopher Tolkien The Book of Lost Tales stands at the beginning of the entire conception of Middle earth and Valinor. Embedded in English legend and English association, they were set in the narrative frame of a great westward voyage over the Ocean by a mariner named Eriol or lfwine to Tol Eress a, the Lonely Isle, where Elves dwelt from them he learned their true history, the Lost Tales of Elfinesse. In the Tales are found the earliest accounts and original ideas of Gods and Elves Dwarves and Orcs the Silmarils and the Two Trees of Valinor Nargothrond and Gondolin and the geography and cosmology of the invented world. Praise for Book of Lost Tales 1 In these tales we have the scholar joyously gamboling in the thickets of his imagination. . . . A commentary and notes greatly enrich the quest. The Daily Telegraph Affords us an almost over the shoulder view into the evolving creative process and genius of J.R.R. Tolkien in a new, exciting aspect . . .The superb, sensitive, and extremely helpful commentary and editing done by Christopher Tolkien make all of this possible. Mythlore"
El Evangelio Seg n Jesucristo by Jos Saramago Basilio Losada. No description available
The Prince by Niccol Machiavelli Rufus Goodwin Benjamin Martinez. No description available
"The Raven Prince Princes Trilogy 1 by Elizabeth Hoyt. A fiery lady must tame her brooding employer in this enchanting retelling of Beauty and the Beast from the New York Times bestselling author of the Maiden Lane series. THERE COMES A TIME IN A LADY'S LIFE The Earl of Swartingham is in a quandary. Having frightened off two secretaries, Edward de Raaf needs someone who can withstand his bad temper and boorish behavior. WHEN SHE MUST DO THE UNTHINKABLE . . . When Anna becomes the earl's secretary, it would seem that both their problems are solved. But when she discovers he plans to visit the most notorious brothel in London, she sees red and decides to assuage her desires . . ."
Dark Prince Dark 1 by Christine Feehan. No description available
The Princes of Ireland The Dublin Saga 1 by Edward Rutherfurd. No description available
"Prince Caspian Chronicles of Narnia 4 by C.S. Lewis. Prince Caspian is the second captivating installment in C.S. Lewis's renowned fantasy series, The Chronicles of Narnia. The story resumes in the magical land of Narnia, where the Pevensie siblings Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy return to discover that centuries have passed since their last visit. Narnia is now under the rule of the Telmarines, and the Narnians, both human and mythical creatures, are in hiding. The titular character, Prince Caspian, is the rightful heir to the throne of Narnia. As he learns of his true lineage, he embarks on a quest to reclaim his kingdom from the tyrannical King Miraz. The Pevensie siblings, aided by their old friend Aslan, the noble lion, join forces with Caspian to restore peace and justice to Narnia. Filled with themes of courage, loyalty, and the struggle against oppression, Prince Caspian weaves a tale of adventure and self discovery. Lewis's imaginative storytelling and allegorical elements provide readers with a rich and immersive experience, making this installment a beloved classic. The novel continues to captivate audiences with its exploration of timeless virtues and the enduring battle between good and evil in the fantastical world of Narnia."
P gate un tiro para sobrevivir un viaje personal por la Am rica de los mitos by Chuck Klosterman. No description available
A Practical Guide to Dragons by Lisa Trumbauer Emily Fiegenshuh. No description available
"Dragonology Ologies 1 by Dugald A. Steer Ernest Drake Wayne Anderson Helen Ward Douglas Carrel. Presents an introduction to dragonology that includes spells for catching dragons, their natural history, and descriptions of legendary dragons and dragonslayers."
His Majesty's Dragon Temeraire 1 by Naomi Novik. Aerial combat brings a thrilling new dimension to the Napoleonic Wars as valiant warriors rise to Britains defense by taking to the skies ... not aboard aircraft but atop the mighty backs of fighting dragons.
Red Dragon Hannibal Lecter 1 by Thomas Harris. No description available
Lamb The Gospel According to Biff Christ's Childhood Pal by Christopher Moore. No description available
The Lost Tomb by Kent R. Weeks. No description available
Fundamentals of Heat and Mass Transfer with IHT FEHT 3.0 CD with User Guide Set by Frank P. Incropera David P. DeWitt. No description available
Heat by Mike Lupica. No description available
Heat and Mass Transfer by Yunus A. Cengel. No description available
Journal of a Novel The East of Eden Letters by John Steinbeck. No description available
Never Go Back by Robert Goddard. No description available
Never Go Home Again by Shannon Holmes. No description available
You Can Never Go Home Again by Dyan Sheldon. No description available
A Pale View of Hills by Kazuo Ishiguro. No description available
An Artist of the Floating World by Kazuo Ishiguro. No description available
When We Were Orphans by Kazuo Ishiguro. No description available
The Unconsoled by Kazuo Ishiguro. No description available
American Legal History Cases and Materials by Kermit L. Hall Paul Finkelman James W. Jr. Ely. No description available
Intuition by Allegra Goodman. No description available
Behind the Scenes at the Museum by Kate Atkinson. No description available
Emotionally Weird by Kate Atkinson. No description available
Abandonment by Kate Atkinson Traverse Theatre. No description available
Familienalbum by Kate Atkinson. No description available
Gimpel the Fool and Other Stories by Isaac Bashevis Singer Saul Bellow Allegra Goodman. No description available
Ein Sommernachtsspiel by Kate Atkinson. No description available
Dans les coulisses du mus e by Kate Atkinson Jean Bourdier. No description available
The Littles and the Lost Children by John Lawrence Peterson Jacqueline Rogers Roberta Carter Clark. No description available
Suffer the Little Children Commissario Brunetti 16 by Donna Leon. No description available
"Suffer Little Children Sister Fidelma 3 by Peter Tremayne. In the seventh century A.D., the murder of a high cleric threatens to result in war between two of Ireland's kingdoms. Sister Fidelma is summoned by the dying king to both solve the murder and prevent war. But Fidelma soon discovers that there are far more sinister forces at work than mere political intrigue."
The Wishbones by Tom Perrotta. No description available
Bad Haircut Stories of the Seventies by Tom Perrotta. No description available
One Hundred Demons by Lynda Barry. No description available
The Twelve Terrors of Christmas by John Updike Edward Gorey. No description available
The Twelve Caesars by Suetonius Michael Grant Robert Graves. No description available
The Twelve Dancing Princesses by Marianna Mayer Kinuko Y. Craft. No description available
Twelve Ordinary Men by John F. MacArthur Jr.. No description available
Twelve Extraordinary Women Workbook by John F. MacArthur Jr.. No description available
The Great Influenza The Story of the Deadliest Pandemic in History by John M. Barry. No description available
Paris The Secret History by Andrew Hussey. No description available
The Secret History by Donna Tartt. No description available
Marijuana Horticulture The Indoor Outdoor Medical Grower's Bible by Jorge Cervantes. No description available
The Cambridge Companion to Cervantes by Anthony J. Cascardi. No description available
Exemplary Stories by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra Lesley Lipson. No description available
Cervantes in Algiers A Captive's Tale by Maria Antonia Garc s. No description available
Deluxe Encyclopedia of Mandolin Chords by John Baxter Mel Bay. No description available
CSS Cookbook by Christopher Schmitt. No description available
Big Dog... Little Dog by P.D. Eastman. No description available
Snow by Roy McKie P.D. Eastman. No description available
Flap Your Wings by P.D. Eastman. No description available
Sam And The Firefly Beginner Books by P.D. Eastman. No description available
The Berlin Phenomenology by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel Michael John Petry. No description available
The Philosophy of History by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel J. Sibree. No description available
Philosophy of Right by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel S.W. Dyde. No description available
The Mistress Manual The Good Girl's Guide to Female Dominance by Mistress Lorelei. No description available
Diary of a Mistress by Miasha. No description available
Mistress Masham's Repose by T.H. White Fritz Eichenberg. No description available
The Last Unicorn by Peter S. Beagle. No description available
The Barbed Coil by J.V. Jones. No description available
Melliandra by J.V. Jones. No description available
Yakitate!! Japan Volume 1 by Takashi Hashiguchi. No description available
Yakitate!! Japan Volume 2 by Takashi Hashiguchi. No description available
Yakitate!! Japan Volume 3 by Takashi Hashiguchi. No description available
Yakitate!! Japan Volume 4 by Takashi Hashiguchi. No description available
Yakitate!! Japan Volume 7 by Takashi Hashiguchi. No description available
Yakitate!! Japan Volume 5 by Takashi Hashiguchi. No description available
Yakitate!! Japan Volume 6 by Takashi Hashiguchi. No description available
!! 9 Yakitate!! Japan 9 by Takashi Hashiguchi. No description available
"Brothers in Arms Dragonlance Raistlin Chronicles 2 by Margaret Weis Don Perrin. This exciting follow up to Soulforge brings an unforgettable character into the Majere twins world their half sister, Kitiara The innocence of youth is lost to war . . . In the fiery siege of the city of Hope s End, the young mage Raistlin Majere must leave behind his ideals to save himself and his twin brother. He and Caramon begin their training as mercenaries, tasked with capturing a city that holds a secret known only to the commander of the newly formed dragonarmies. Yet as Raistlin and Caramon prepare for war, another soul is forged in the heat of battle. Faraway, another path is chosen and a future dragon highlord begins her rise to power. Her name is Kitiara Uth Matar, and she is the beautiful but dark hearted half sister to the Majere twins."
A Magic Lover's Treasury of the Fantastic by Margaret Weis Ursula K. Le Guin Roger Zelazny Christopher Stasheff Mercedes Lackey Ray Bradbury Andre Norton Jack Vance Raymond E. Feist C.J. Cherryh Fritz Leiber Melanie Rawn Marion Zimmer Bradley Larry Niven Zenna Henderson Greg Bear Orson Scott Card Katherine Kurtz Joe Haldeman Robert Silverberg F. Paul Wilson Keith Birdsong. No description available
Dragons in the Archives The Best of Weis Hickman Dragonlance Anthology by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman Aron Eisenberg. No description available
"Guardians of the Lost Sovereign Stone 2 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. For two centuries the portion of the great Sovereign Stone belonging to the humans of Loerem was lost from sight and memory. But there are those who dare never forget ... A magical relic has been miraculously recovered and the battle for the future of Loerem begins. It is a nightmare conflict that will ensnare dwarf, human, elf, and orken beings, as the immortal dark lord Dagnarus launches terrible war from the blackest depths of the Void. And now heros must emerge from the most unlikely corners of the world to deny Dagnarus the awesome power of the Stone or suffer the hideous damnation of his hellish reign."
The War of the Lance DragonLance Tales II 3 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. Presents the history of the war between the followers of Takhisis and the minions of Paladine with tales told from the perspective of some of the supporting characters.
The Dragons at War Dragonlance Dragons 2 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman Adam Lesh. No description available
"Earth Air Fire Water Tales from the Eternal Archives 2 by Margaret Weis Janet Pack Bruce Holland Rogers Nina Kiriki Hoffman Tanya Huff Linda P. Baker Michelle Sagara West Nancy Varian Berberick Mark A. Garland Lawrence Schimel Donald J. Bingle Jane Lindskold Kristine Kathryn Rusch Edward Carmien Jean Fran ois Podevin Robyn McGrew Carrie Channell. Tanya Huff, Bruce Holland Rogers, Nina Kiriki Hoffman, Michelle West, and other keepers of the Eternal Archives unleash the dazzling and dangerous powers of the elements in this anthology each story of which addresses a popular fantasy theme."
Time of the Twins Dragonlance Legends 1 by Margaret Weis Tracy Hickman. No description available
A Certain Justice Adam Dalgliesh 10 by P.D. James. No description available
A Certain Justice Abe Glitsky 1 by John Lescroart. No description available
Lost Prophet The Life and Times of Bayard Rustin by John D'Emilio. No description available
Answers to Questions Teachers Ask about Sensory Integration Forms Checklists and Practical Tools for Teachers and Parents by Stacey Szklut Carol Stock Kranowitz Lynn Balzer Martin. No description available
Kevin Trudeau's Mega Memory How to Release Your Superpower Memory in 30 Minutes Or Less a Day by Kevin Trudeau. No description available
Still Here Embracing Aging Changing and Dying by Ram Dass Richard Alpert. No description available
Paths to God Living the Bhagavad Gita by Ram Dass Richard Alpert. No description available
Here We All Are by Ram Dass Richard Alpert. No description available
Be Here Now by Ram Dass Richard Alpert. No description available
The Only Dance There Is by Ram Dass Richard Alpert. No description available
Journey of Awakening A Meditator's Guidebook by Ram Dass Richard Alpert. No description available
A Spiritual Journey by Ram Dass Richard Alpert. No description available
Finding and Exploring Your Spiritual Path An Exploration of the Pleasures and Perils of Seeking Personal Enlightenment by Ram Dass Richard Alpert. No description available
Make Way for McCloskey by Robert McCloskey Leonard S. Marcus. No description available
Burt Dow Deep Water Man by Robert McCloskey. No description available
Lentil by Robert McCloskey. No description available
Time of Wonder by Robert McCloskey. No description available
Riddley Walker by Russell Hoban. No description available
Sector 7 by David Wiesner. No description available
Wind Child by Nancy Harding. No description available
The Catswold Portal by Shirley Rousseau Murphy. No description available
Cat Laughing Last Joe Grey 7 by Shirley Rousseau Murphy. No description available
Cat Seeing Double Joe Grey 8 by Shirley Rousseau Murphy. No description available
Charlie Wilson's War The Extraordinary Story of How the Wildest Man in Congress and a Rogue CIA Agent Changed the History of our Times by George Crile. No description available
Charlie Wilson's War The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Covert Operation in History by George Crile Christopher Lane. No description available
Charlie Wilson's War The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Cover Operation in History by George Crile. No description available
The Fourth Crusade And the Sack of Constantinople by Jonathan Phillips. No description available
Practical Ethics by Peter Singer. No description available
Animal Liberation by Peter Singer. No description available
Boudicca The Warrior Queen by M.J. Trow. No description available
Our Band Could Be Your Life Scenes from the American Indie Underground 1981 1991 by Michael Azerrad. No description available
"Cursor's Fury Codex Alera 3 by Jim Butcher. In his acclaimed Codex Alera novels, 1 New York Times bestselling author Jim Butcher has created a fascinating world in which the powerful forces of nature take physical form. But even magic cannot sway the corruption that threatens to destroy the realm of Alera once and for all... When the power hungry High Lord of Kalare launches a merciless rebellion against the First Lord, young Tavi of Calderon joins a newly formed legion under an assumed name. And when the ruthless Kalare allies himself with a savage enemy of the realm, Tavi finds himself leading an inexperienced, poorly equipped legion the only force standing between Alera and certain doom..."
"Sharpe's Fury Sharpe 11 by Bernard Cornwell. From New York Times bestselling author Bernard Cornwell, the eleventh installment in the world renowned Sharpe series, chronicling the rise of Richard Sharpe, a Private in His Majesty s Army at the siege of Seringapatam. In the winter of 1811, the war seems lost. Spain has fallen to the French, except for Cadiz, now the Spanish capital and itself under siege. Inside the city walls an intricate diplomatic dance is taking place and Richard Sharpe faces more than one enemy. The small British force is trapped by a French army, and their only hope lies with the outnumbered redcoats outside refusing to admit defeat. There, in the sweltering horror of Barrosa, Sharpe will meet his old enemy Colonel Vandal once again."
Furies of Calderon Codex Alera 1 by Jim Butcher. No description available
Your Child and Jesus A Family Activity Book by Rick Osborne Kevin Miller. No description available
To the Friend who Didn't Save my Life by Herv Guibert Linda Cloverdale. No description available
The Mistress's Daughter by A.M. Homes. No description available
Layer Cake by J.J. Connolly. No description available
Self Made Man One Woman's Journey Into Manhood and Back Again by Norah Vincent. No description available
Nixon Agonistes The Crisis of the Self Made Man by Garry Wills. No description available
The Man Who Changed Everything The Life of James Clerk Maxwell by Basil Mahon. No description available
Baghdad Without a Map and Other Misadventures in Arabia by Tony Horwitz. No description available
"Night Train to Memphis Vicky Bliss 5 by Elizabeth Peters. Art historian Vicky Bliss cruises the Nile in an attempt to unmask her ex lover and most dangerous antagonist, Sir John, before he can rob the Cairo Museum."
Sociology in Our Times by Diana Kendall. No description available
Iberia Spanish Travels and Reflections by James A. Michener Robert Vavra. No description available
Journey by James A. Michener. No description available
You Remind Me of You A Poetry Memoir by Eireann Corrigan. No description available
Remind Me Again Why I Need A Man by Claudia Carroll. No description available
Strange Candy Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 0.5 by Laurell K. Hamilton. No description available
Candy Girl A Year in the Life of an Unlikely Stripper by Diablo Cody. No description available
Candy Licker by Noire. No description available
Candy by Luke Davies. No description available
Hard Candy by Angela Knight Sheri Gilmore Morgan Hawke. No description available
Candy by Mian Mian Andrea Lingenfelter. No description available
Demon Diary Volume 01 by Kara Lee Chi Hyong. No description available
Demon Diary Volume 03 by Kara Lee Yun Hee. No description available
Demon Diary Volume 02 by Kara Jee Hyung Lee. No description available
Demon Diary Volume 04 by Kara Lee Yun Hee. No description available
The End of Faith Religion Terror and the Future of Reason by Sam Harris. No description available
Prisoner's Dilemma John von Neumann Game Theory and the Puzzle of the Bomb by William Poundstone John von Neumann. No description available
Lost Continents by L. Sprague de Camp. No description available
The Lost Continent by Edgar Rice Burroughs. No description available
The Lost Continent The Story of Atlantis by Charles John Cutcliffe Wright Hyne Gary Hoppenstand Harry Turtledove. No description available
Conspiracy of Fools by Kurt Eichenwald. No description available
The Death and Rebirth of the Seneca by Anthony F.C. Wallace. No description available
Rebirth Volume 5 by Kang Woo Lee Lauren Na. No description available
Satan Burger by Carlton Mellick III. No description available
The Strategy of Satan How to Detect and Defeat Him by Warren W. Wiersbe. No description available
"The Black Stallion and Satan The Black Stallion 5 by Walter Farley. Satan has won the Triple Crown, yet Alec still misses the Black, who s living in Arabia with Sheikh Abu Ishak. Unexpectedly, Alec receives word that the sheikh has died and has left the Black to Alec. A race between the Black and Satan is inevitable, but unexpected events put the horses in the path of a raging forest fire. Suddenly, they are racing for their lives."
Satan His Psychotherapy and Cure by the Unfortunate Dr. Kassler J.S.P.S. by Jeremy Leven. No description available
Everyone Worth Knowing by Lauren Weisberger. No description available
The Lost Blogs From Jesus to Jim Morrison The Historically Inaccurate and Totally Fictitious Cyber Diaries of Everyone Worth Knowing by Paul Davidson. No description available
Happy Are the Peace Makers Blackie Ryan 5 by Andrew M. Greeley. No description available
The Truth Will Set You Free Overcoming Emotional Blindness and Finding Your True Adult Self by Alice Miller Andrew Edwin Jenkins. No description available
The Stone Raft by Jos Saramago. No description available
You The Owner's Manual An Insider's Guide to the Body That Will Make You Healthier and Younger by Michael F. Roizen Mehmet C. Oz. No description available
You On a Diet The Owner's Manual for Waist Management by Michael F. Roizen Mehmet C. Oz. No description available
"Foundation Foundation 1 by Isaac Asimov. The first novel in Isaac Asimov s classic science fiction masterpiece, the Foundation series THE EPIC SAGA THAT INSPIRED THE APPLE TV SERIES FOUNDATION Nominated as one of America s best loved novels by PBS s The Great American Read For twelve thousand years the Galactic Empire has ruled supreme. Now it is dying. But only Hari Seldon, creator of the revolutionary science of psychohistory, can see into the future to a dark age of ignorance, barbarism, and warfare that will last thirty thousand years. To preserve knowledge and save humankind, Seldon gathers the best minds in the Empire both scientists and scholars and brings them to a bleak planet at the edge of the galaxy to serve as a beacon of hope for future generations. He calls his sanctuary the Foundation. The Foundation novels of Isaac Asimov are among the most influential in the history of science fiction, celebrated for their unique blend of breathtaking action, daring ideas, and extensive worldbuilding. In Foundation, Asimov has written a timely and timeless novel of the best and worst that lies in humanity, and the power of even a few courageous souls to shine a light in a universe of darkness."
"Second Foundation Foundation 3 by Isaac Asimov. The third novel in Isaac Asimov s classic science fiction masterpiece, the Foundation series THE EPIC SAGA THAT INSPIRED THE APPLE TV SERIES FOUNDATION The Foundation lies in ruins destroyed by a mutant mind bent on humanity s annihilation. But it s rumored that there s a Second Foundation hidden somewhere at the end of the Galaxy, established as insurance to preserve the knowledge of mankind. Now a desperate race has begun between the survivors of the First Foundation and an alien entity to find this last flicker of humanity s shining past and future hope. Yet the key to it all might be a fourteen year old girl burdened with a terrible secret. Is she the Foundation s savior or its deadliest enemy? Unforgettable, thought provoking, and riveting, Second Foundation is a stunning novel of adventure and ideas writ huge across the Galaxy a powerful tale of humankind s struggle to preserve the fragile light of wisdom against the threat of its own dark barbarism."
Foundation and Empire Foundation 2 by Isaac Asimov. No description available
Foundation and Earth Foundation 5 by Isaac Asimov. No description available
Foundations of Clinical Research Applications to Practice by Leslie Gross Portney. No description available
Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom by Cory Doctorow. No description available
Someone Comes to Town Someone Leaves Town by Cory Doctorow. No description available
Eastern Standard Tribe by Cory Doctorow. No description available
A Place So Foreign and Eight More by Cory Doctorow Bruce Sterling. No description available
Through Painted Deserts Light God and Beauty on the Open Road by Donald Miller. No description available
20 000 Leagues Under the Sea by Ron Miller Jules Verne Paul Wright. No description available
Codebreakers' Victory How the Allied Cryptographers Won World War II by Hervie Haufler. No description available
All Night Long by Jayne Ann Krentz. No description available
"White Lies Arcane Society 2 by Jayne Ann Krentz. THE PHENOMENAL NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER Bestselling author Jayne Ann Krentz takes us beyond the everyday boundaries of the mind and the heart in the second Arcane Society novel. Level ten parasensitive Clare Lancaster has resigned herself to the fact that she may never find a suitable mate. A human lie detector, any falsehood no matter how subtle sets her blood racing. And most people, to one degree or another, hide behind a fa ade. Including her business titan father s new consultant, Jake Salter. His careful conversation walks a delicate line between truth and deception, revealing and resisting. But it is with his help that Clare begins to unravel a web of conspiracy and murder involving the powerful Arizona family that she just became a part of seven months ago. Caught in a dizzying storm of secrets, lies, and half truths, Clare and Jake will plunge into an investigation that demands every bit of their special gifts, as something more than mere attraction sparks and sizzles between them"
Ghost Hunter Ghost Hunters 3 by Jayne Castle Jayne Ann Krentz. No description available
The Pirate The Adventurer The Cowboy by Jayne Ann Krentz. No description available
Midnight Jewels by Jayne Ann Krentz. No description available
The Wedding Night by Jayne Ann Krentz. No description available
"After Glow Ghost Hunters 2 by Jayne Castle Jayne Ann Krentz. Return to Harmony where nothing is as it seems. Life is complicated for Lydia Smith. She s working at a tacky, third rate museum, Shrimpton s House of Ancient Horrors, trying to salvage her career in para archaeology and dating the most dangerous man in town. Just when she thinks she might be getting things under control, she stumbles over a dead body and discovers that her lover has a secret past that could get him killed. Just to top it off, there s trouble brewing underground in the eerie, glowing green passageways of the Dead City. Descending into these twisting catacombs, Lydia will learn just what it s like to put her heart and life on the line Includes a preview of Jayne Castle s Rainshadow Novel DECEPTION COVE"
"Orchid St. Helen's 3 by Jayne Castle Jayne Ann Krentz. The wildly popular alter ego of bestselling author Jayne Ann Krentz creates delectably entertaining paranormal romantic suspense Booklist in the unique, synergistic world of St. Helen s Library Journal , the not so distant space colony where hearts and minds are gloriously in sync! A top psychic for exclusive Psynergy Inc., Orchid Adams has her hands full with a baffling murder which doesn t exactly allow time for husband hunting. Is it even possible there s a man on St. Helen s who measures up to her dreams of wedded bliss? Take her new client, Rafe Stonebraker primitive and elemental, an unlicensed P.I. with some serious secrets, Rafe is hardly marriage material. So why does his powerful presence have Orchid imagining the most outrageous affair? Rafe is embroiled in solving a strange theft while thwarting a hostile takeover of Stonebraker Shipping he needs a wife and fast to salvage his credibility. Orchid Adams doesn t fit the profile he had in mind, but she fits in his arms. Will their electrifying connection end up getting them burned?"
The Future of the Universe by Jack Meadows. No description available
Micro Eco Farming Prospering from Backyard to Small Acreage in Partnership with the Earth by Barbara Berst Adams. No description available
The Quiet American Text and Criticism by Graham Greene John Clark Pratt. No description available
The Quiet American by Graham Greene Zadie Smith. No description available
The End of the Affair by Graham Greene Monica Ali. No description available
Postwar A History of Europe Since 1945 by Tony Judt. No description available
The Coen Brothers Interviews by William Rodney Allen. No description available
The Hermeneutical Spiral A Comprehensive Introduction to Biblical Interpretation by Grant R. Osborne. No description available
Raising the Bar Ministry to Youth in the New Millennium by Alvin L. Reid. No description available
The Book of Other People by Zadie Smith David Mitchell George Saunders Colm T ib n Aleksandar Hemon Nick Hornby Hari Kunzru Toby Litt Chris Ware. No description available
The Confusions of Young T rless by Robert Musil Shaun Whiteside J.M. Coetzee. No description available
Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe J.M. Coetzee. No description available
Doubling the Point Essays and Interviews by J.M. Coetzee David Attwell. No description available
Fantastic! Wow! and Unreal! A Book About Interjections and Conjunctions by Ruth Heller. No description available
Don DeLillo's White Noise A Reader's Guide by Leonard Orr. No description available
Letting Go by Philip Roth. No description available
My Life as a Man by Philip Roth. No description available
Patrimony by Philip Roth. No description available
The Great American Novel by Philip Roth. No description available
The Professor of Desire by Philip Roth. No description available
Deception by Philip Roth. No description available
When She Was Good by Philip Roth. No description available
The Dying Animal by Philip Roth. No description available
For the Relief of Unbearable Urges by Nathan Englander. No description available
The Ministry of Special Cases by Nathan Englander. No description available
The Pilgrim's Progress by John Bunyan. No description available
Scott Pilgrim Volume 1 Scott Pilgrim's Precious Little Life by Bryan Lee O'Malley. No description available
The Pilgrim's Regress by C.S. Lewis Michael Hague. No description available
Little Pilgrim's Progress From John Bunyan's Classic by Helen L. Taylor. No description available
The Landing of the Pilgrims by James Daugherty. No description available
Little Pilgrim's Progress by Helen L. Taylor John Bunyan. No description available
From Nomads to Pilgrims Stories from Practicing Congregations by Diana Butler Bass. No description available
The New York Times Guide to Essential Knowledge by John D. Leonard The New York Times. No description available
New York 2000 Architecture and Urbanism Between the Bicentennial and the Millennium by Robert A.M. Stern David Fishman Jacob Tilove. No description available
Forgotten New York Views of a Lost Metropolis by Kevin Walsh. No description available
The Historical Atlas of New York City A Visual Celebration of Nearly 400 Years of New York City's History by Eric Homberger Alice Hudson. No description available
La toile de Charlotte by E.B. White Garth Williams Catherine Chaine. No description available
This Is New York by Miroslav Sasek. No description available
They Dare to Speak Out People and Institutions Confront Israel's Lobby by Paul Findley. No description available
Famous Last Words by Timothy Findley. No description available
The Wars by Timothy Findley. No description available
Into the Void Spelljammer The Cloakmaster Cycle 2 by Nigel Findley. No description available
Essential Dialogues of Plato by Plato Benjamin Jowett Pedro De Blas. No description available
The Collected Dialogues by Plato Edith Hamilton Huntington Cairns. No description available
Republic by Plato Benjamin Jowett Elizabeth Watson Scharffenberger. No description available
The Republic by Plato Tom Griffith. No description available
Inner Circle Carol Ashton Mysteries 8 by Claire McNab. No description available
"The Rising Tide World War II 1939 1945 1 by Jeff Shaara. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER This is Jeff Shaara at his best, giving us another superb and historically grounded novel of one of the most dramatic struggles of World War II. George McGovern Utilizing the voices of the conflict s most heroic figures, some immortal and some unknown, Jeff Shaara tells the story of America s pivotal role in World War II fighting to hold back the Japanese conquest of the Pacific while standing side by side with her British ally, the last hope for turning the tide of the war against Germany. As British and American forces strike into the soft underbelly of Hitler s Fortress Europa, the new weapons of war come clearly into focus. In North Africa, tank battles unfold in a tapestry of dust and fire unlike any the world has ever seen. In Sicily, the Allies attack their enemy with a barely tested weapon the paratrooper. As battles rage along the coasts of the Mediterranean, the momentum of the war begins to shift, setting the stage for the Battle of Normandy. The first book in a trilogy about the military conflict that defined thetwentieth century, The Rising Tide is an unprecedented and intimate portrait of those who waged this astonishing global war. BONUS This edition contains an excerpt from Jeff Shaara's The Steel Wave. Praise for The Rising Tide A sprawling tale thoroughly researched and told withmeticulous detail . . . All that s missing is the smell of gunpowder. MSNBC online Masterful. Publishers Weekly starred review The Rising Tide imparts the actual sights, sounds and dialogue from the grounds of 1940s Sicily and North Africa. New York Daily News"
Jeff Shaara's Civil War Battlefields Discovering America's Hallowed Ground by Jeff Shaara. No description available
Rise to Rebellion by Jeff Shaara. No description available
Gone for Soldiers A Novel of the Mexican War by Jeff Shaara. No description available
The Last Full Measure The Civil War Trilogy 3 by Jeff Shaara. No description available
A Farewell to Arms? Beyond the Good Friday Agreement by Adrian Guelke Michael Cox Fiona Stephen. No description available
When Smoke Ran Like Water Tales Of Environmental Deception And The Battle Against Pollution by Devra Davis Mitchell Gaynor. No description available
What Work Is by Philip Levine. No description available
The Simple Truth by Philip Levine Harry Ford. No description available
Fiskadoro by Denis Johnson. No description available
Illusions The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah by Richard Bach. No description available
There's No Such Place As Far Away by Richard Bach H. Lee Shapiro. No description available
Running from Safety An Adventure of the Spirit by Richard Bach. No description available
A Gift Of Wings by Richard Bach. No description available
Winter of Magic's Return by Pamela F. Service. No description available
A Modern Utopia by H.G. Wells Gregory Claeys Francis Wheen. No description available
The War of the Worlds by H.G. Wells Leon Stover. No description available
The Shape of Things to Come by H.G. Wells John Clute. No description available
Floor Games Sandplay Classics by H.G. Wells Barbara A. Turner. No description available
Seven Novels by H.G. Wells. No description available
Three Prophetic Science Fiction Novels by H.G. Wells E.F. Bleiler. No description available
Science Fiction Treasury Six Complete Novels complete unabridged by H.G. Wells George Gesner. No description available
The Island of Doctor Moreau by H.G. Wells. No description available
Notebooks of the Mind Explorations of Thinking Revised Edition by Vera John Steiner. No description available
The Visible Hand The Managerial Revolution in American Business by Alfred D. Chandler Jr.. No description available
Crime Stories and Other Writings by Dashiell Hammett Steven Marcus. No description available
The Maltese Falcon by Dashiell Hammett. No description available
Lost Stories by Dashiell Hammett Vince Emery Joe Gores. No description available
The Dain Curse by Dashiell Hammett. No description available
The Big Knockover Selected Stories and Short Novels by Dashiell Hammett Lillian Hellman Jeff Stone. No description available
Red Harvest by Dashiell Hammett. No description available
The Complete Stories Vol 1 by Isaac Asimov. No description available
X nocide Ender's Saga 3 by Orson Scott Card. No description available
Edgar A. Poe Mournful and Never ending Remembrance by Kenneth Silverman. No description available
Tales of Mystery and Madness by Edgar Allan Poe Gris Grimly. No description available
Elric of Melnibon The Elric Saga 1 by Michael Moorcock. No description available
"The Prize deWarenne Dynasty 4 by Brenda Joyce. An infamous sea captain of the British Royal Navy, Devlin O Neill is consumed with the need to destroy the man who brutally murdered his father. Having nearly ruined the Earl of Eastleigh financially, he is waiting to strike the final blow. And his opportunity comes in the form of a spirited young American woman, the earl s niece, who is about to set his cold, calculating world on fire . Born and raised on a tobacco plantation, orphan Virginia Hughes is determined to rebuild her beloved Sweet Briar. Daringly, she sails to England alone, hoping to convince her uncle to lend her the funds. Instead, she finds herself ruthlessly kidnapped by the notorious Devlin O Neill, and will soon find her best laid plans thwarted by a passion that could seal their fates forever ."
Elric of Melnibone Bright Shadows by Charles Green Richard Ford Pascal Quidault. No description available
A River Runs Through it and Other Stories by Norman Maclean Annie Proulx. No description available
Young Men and Fire by Norman Maclean. No description available
When the Rivers Run Dry Water The Defining Crisis of the Twenty first Century by Fred Pearce. No description available
The River Runs Black The Environmental Challenge to China's Future by Elizabeth C. Economy. No description available
"Only the River Runs Free The Galway Chronicles 1 by Bodie Thoene Brock Thoene. An Irish village feels suffocated by English rule, until a stranger appears on Christmas Eve, setting off a chain of events that will forever change the lives of the village's inhabitants."
It's Not About the Bike My Journey Back to Life by Lance Armstrong Sally Jenkins. No description available
The Walking Dead Vol. 5 The Best Defense by Robert Kirkman Charlie Adlard Cliff Rathburn. No description available
Being Dead Is No Excuse The Official Southern Ladies Guide to Hosting the Perfect Funeral by Gayden Metcalfe. No description available
Drop Dead Gorgeous Blair Mallory 2 by Linda Howard. No description available
The Book of the Dead Pendergast 7 Diogenes 3 by Douglas Preston Lincoln Child. No description available
The Walking Dead Vol. 3 Safety Behind Bars by Robert Kirkman Charlie Adlard Cliff Rathburn. No description available
"The Walking Dead Book One The Walking Dead 1 12 by Robert Kirkman Tony Moore Charlie Adlard Cliff Rathburn. Based on The Walking Dead graphic novels comic books and the acclaimed television show, The Walking Dead Omnibus contains the first four titles in the book series by Robert Kirkman and Jay Bonansinga. Set in the world created by Robert Kirkman this is fast paced, action packed storytelling about the lengths some men will go to survive. With new characters, new storylines and with the same in depth character based plotting that has made the television series such an immediate hit, this is sure to be a hit with those who love zombies and those who have loved the TV series and comic books. This omnibus edition contains the following novels Rise of the Governor The Road to Woodbury The Fall of the Governor Part One The Fall of the Governor Part Two"
The Brief History of the Dead by Kevin Brockmeier. No description available
Beckett Football Card Price Guide by Dan Hitt James Beckett III. No description available
The Power of Infinite Love Gratitude An Evolutionary Journey to Awakening Your Spirit by Darren R. Weissman. No description available
Masculinity and Male Codes of Honor in Modern France by Robert A. Nye. No description available
The Life and Death of My Lord Gilles de Rais by Robert Nye. No description available
"The White Wolf's Son The Albino Underground Elric Oona Von Bek 3 by Michael Moorcock. Aspect published the previous novel in the series, The Skrayling Tree, in hardcover 0 446 53104 9 in 2003 and in mass market 0 446 61340 1 in 7 04. The prior novel. The Dreamthief's Daughter Aspect hardcover, 2001, 0 446 52618 5 mass market, 2002, 0 446 61120 4 received praise from the Washington Post, Denver Post, and Locus, where it was featured on the 2001 Recommended Reading list. Aspect reissued Moorcock's classic Gloriana, or the Unfulfill'd Queen in trade paperback in 8 04. Gloriana won Moorcock the World Fantasy Award, the John W. Campbell Award, and the British Fantasy Award. Moorcock's Elric the Eternal Champion saga has been optioned by Universal Pictures, with Chris and Paul Weitz American Pie producing. Michael Moorcock is a vanguard author, editor, journalist, critic, and rock musician, who is editor of the controversial magazine New Worlds. A member of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame, Moorcock has won the Guardian Fiction Prize, the Nebula Award, the World Fantasy Award, and the British Fantasy Award, among others."
Michael Moorcock's Multiverse by Michael Moorcock Walter Simonson Mark Reeve John Ridgway. No description available
Gloriana by Michael Moorcock. No description available
The Eternal Champion Eternal Champion 1 by Michael Moorcock. No description available
The Spell by Alan Hollinghurst. No description available
The Swimming Pool Library by Alan Hollinghurst. No description available
The Ivory Tower by Henry James Alan Hollinghurst Ezra Pound. No description available
America Alone The End of the World As We Know It by Mark Steyn. No description available
Where the Sidewalk Ends Poems and Drawings by Shel Silverstein. No description available
A Light in the Attic by Shel Silverstein. No description available
The Missing Piece The Missing Piece 1 by Shel Silverstein. No description available
The Missing Piece Meets the Big O by Shel Silverstein. No description available
Lafcadio the Lion Who Shot Back by Shel Silverstein. No description available
A Light in the Attic Book CD by Shel Silverstein. No description available
Runny Babbit Book and Abridged CD by Shel Silverstein Dennis Locorriere. No description available
L'albero by Shel Silverstein Daniela Gamba. No description available
The Beginning The Cove The Maze FBI Thriller 1 2 by Catherine Coulter. No description available
Jade Star Star 4 by Catherine Coulter. No description available
Double Take FBI Thriller 11 by Catherine Coulter. No description available
The Valentine Legacy Legacy 3 by Catherine Coulter. No description available
"Undead and Unwed Undead 1 by MaryJanice Davidson. First Betsy Taylor loses her job, then she's killed in a car accident. But what really bites is that she can't seem to stay dead. And now her new friends have the ridiculous idea that Betsy is the prophesied vampire queen, and they want her help in overthrowing the most obnoxious power hungry vampire in five centuries."
"Undead and Unappreciated Undead 3 by MaryJanice Davidson. Vampire queen Betsy Taylor makes a deal with the devil in order to discover the secrets of the Book of the Dead. Just one catch she and her sister must go to hell to do it. Just long enough to make nice with her mother, aka Lucifer, and take a detour through time..."
"Marked House of Night 1 by P.C. Cast Kristin Cast. The House of Night series is set in a world very much like our own, except in 16 year old Zoey Redbird's world, vampyres have always existed. In this first book in the series, Zoey enters the House of Night, a school where, after having undergone the Change, she will train to become an adult vampire that is, if she makes it through the Change. Not all of those who are chosen do. It s tough to begin a new life, away from her parents and friends, and on top of that, Zoey finds she is no average fledgling. She has been Marked as special by the vampyre Goddess, Nyx. But she is not the only fledgling at the House of Night with special powers. When she discovers that the leader of the Dark Daughters, the school's most elite club, is misusing her Goddess given gifts, Zoey must look deep within herself for the courage to embrace her destiny with a little help from her new vampyre friends."
Divine By Choice Partholon 2 by P.C. Cast. No description available
"Divine By Mistake Partholon 1 by P.C. Cast. It s the beginning of summer break, and high school English teacher Shannon Parker is ready to relax poolside with some red wine and a good book. She s friggin earned it! But first a little shopping, a la fancy estate auction. Surrounded by old folks and even older artifacts, Shannon never expects to find something that shocks her down to her very core an ancient vase, complete with a beautiful painting of a goddess that looks just like her. And just as she s stealing away with her seriously suspicious purchase, she s magically thrown into the world of Partholon, where not only has she taken the place of Rhiannon, Goddess Incarnate and Epona s Chosen, but she s due to be married to a surly but oh so handsome High Shaman centaur, ClanFintan. But serving as Epona s Chosen isn t just luxury baths and buff horse guys. A dark power grows in the wastelands to the north, and Rhiannon will need much more than just the favor of Epona to protect the land and the man she s grown to love."
"Cast in Courtlight Chronicles of Elantra 2 by Michelle Sagara. In Elantra, a job well done is rewarded with a more dangerous task. So after defeating a dark evil, Kaylin Neya goes before the Barrani High Court, where a misspoken word brings sure death. Kaylin's never been known for her grace or manners, but the High Lord's heir is suspiciously ill, and Kaylin's healing magic is the only shot at saving him if she can dodge the traps laid for her."
Goddess of Light Goddess Summoning 3 by P.C. Cast. No description available
Brighid's Quest Partholon 5 by P.C. Cast. No description available
"Goddess of the Rose Goddess Summoning 4 by P.C. Cast. International bestselling author P.C. Cast brings us the magical, sensual Goddess Summoning series, which retells ancient myths with a sexy, modern twist original, enthralling and utterly unputdownable . . . It's not green fingers that have kept the Empousai family's roses blooming for centuries it's the drops of blood that their women secretly sacrifice for their gardens. But Mikki would rather forget this family quirk and lead a normal life. Until the day she unwittingly performs a ritual and ends up in the strangely familiar Realm of the Rose. As its goddess, Hecate, reveals to her, Mikki has the blood of a high priestess running through her veins. And the realm has been waiting for her . . . In a long ago flash of temper, Hecate cursed her Guardian beast with a slumber that only her priestess can undo and Hecate is counting on Mikki to set things right. At first the beast terrifies Mikki but soon he intrigues her more than any man ever has. But the only way he and the realm can be saved is for Mikki to sacrifice her life giving blood and herself . . ."
Goddess of Spring Goddess Summoning 2 by P.C. Cast. No description available
"Goddess of the Sea Goddess Summoning 1 by P.C. Cast. New York Times bestselling author P. C. Cast presents the first novel in her Goddess Summoning series... Home alone on the night of her twenty fifth birthday, Air Force Sergeant Christine Canady yearned for something to cure her loneliness. After drinking too much champagne, she recited a divine invocation to revive her humdrum life. But how was she to know the spell would actually work? When her plane crashes into the ocean, CC s life changes forever. She awakens, bewildered, to find herself in a legendary time and place ruled by magic and in the body of the mythic mermaid Undine. But danger lurks in the waters, ready to swallow CC whole. Taking pity on her, the goddess Gaea turns her into a damsel, that she might seek shelter on land. But when a dashing knight comes to CC s rescue a dream come true she should be falling for she instead aches for the sea and the darkly sexy merman who s stolen her heart"
Mysteria Mysteria 1 by MaryJanice Davidson Susan Grant P.C. Cast Gena Showalter. No description available
"Elphame's Choice Partholon 4 by P.C. Cast. All her life, Elphame never felt like she belonged. From birth she was always set apart, infinitely different from her family and the people of Partholon, because she had so obviously been touched by the great Goddess Epona. When she feels the call of the ancient and crumbling MacCallan Castle, deserted since the Formorian war over a century ago, Elphame knows that she belongs to its impressive walls, fated to be its keeper. With the help of many others seeking a new home and fresh start to life, Elphame and her newfound clan begin to rebuild the great halls of the castle. But after she is rescued in the surrounding forest by a mysterious, extraordinary, and uniquely handsome man whose painful origin threatens the safety of her people, she must choose between the life she fought to create and the love for him that grows within."
Loveless Vol. 1 A Kin of Homecoming by Brian Azzarello Marcelo Frus n. No description available
Where the Mountain Casts Its Shadow The Dark Side of Extreme Adventure by Maria Coffey Thomas Hornbein. No description available
Cast a Yellow Shadow Mac McCorkle 2 by Ross Thomas. No description available
Like a Velvet Glove Cast in Iron by Daniel Clowes. No description available
"Goddess of Love Goddess Summoning 5 by P.C. Cast. The mythical Venus helps a nerdy woman find her own inner goddess in this novel from 1 New York Times bestselling author P. C. Cast's Goddess Summoning series... Pea Chamberlain needs a makeover shoes, hair, clothes, make up, everything especially if she wants to attract sexy fireman Griffin DeAngelo at the fireman s masked ball. And there's no one better suited to coax Pea out of her pod than the Goddess of Love, whom she invokes in a moment of desperation. After eons of helping others find love, Venus has no problem working her magic on Pea. But when the goddess herself starts falling head over heels for Griffin, it will take an act of divine intervention to set this love triangle to rights..."
Mistral's Kiss Merry Gentry 5 by Laurell K. Hamilton. No description available
The Harlequin Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 15 by Laurell K. Hamilton. No description available
A Stroke of Midnight Merry Gentry 4 by Laurell K. Hamilton. No description available
"Danse Macabre Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 14 by Laurell K. Hamilton. In the thralls of supernatural passion, Anita Blake faces a most human dilemma."
"Micah Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 13 by Laurell K. Hamilton. There are lots of reasons to raise the dead some private, some public. In this case, the feds have a witness who died before he could speak on the record. They want him raised so his testimony can be taken. So here I am, on a plane to Philadelphia, flying off to do my job. But I'm not alone. Micah is with me. Micah, head of the St. Louis wereleopard pard. King to my Queen. The only one of my lovers who can stir my blood with just a glance from his chartreuse cat's eyes. I was happy to have him at my side. Until he mentioned that this will be our first time alone together. No Master Vampire. No Alpha Werewolf. Just me and Micah. And all my fears and doubts..."
"Death of a Darklord Ravenloft 13 by Laurell K. Hamilton. In a land where magic is feared, a young mage must betray her own nature by joining the fight against dark sorcery There is a plague in the village of Cortton, a plague of the dead. Corpses walk the streets in search of the living. The villagers send for the mage finder Jonathan Ambrose, for they believe evil magic is at work. They are right. Jonathan soon discovers who is behind the destruction of the town Harkon Lukas, a wolfwere who plans to escape the bounds of his realm. All he needs to enact his scheme is the aid of Jonathan s adopted daughter a young woman with a talent for magic in a land and family unforgiving of such abilities. Jonathan believes he is in Cortton to save the villagers to lay the dead to rest. But if the vile shapechanger Harkon escapes his curse and can travel the Dark Domains as he pleases, the slaughter has only just begun."
Anita Blake Vampire Hunter Collection 1 4 Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 1 4 by Laurell K. Hamilton. No description available
Little Butterfly Volume 02 by Hinako Takanaga. No description available
Little Butterfly Volume 03 by Hinako Takanaga. No description available
Little Butterfly Volume 01 by Hinako Takanaga. No description available
The Little Butterfly by Sherry Shahan. No description available
A Caress of Twilight Merry Gentry 2 by Laurell K. Hamilton. No description available
"Bloody Bones Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 5 by Laurell K. Hamilton. For the first time in trade paperback the fifth novel in the 1 New York Times bestselling series from Laurell K. Hamilton. When Branson, Missouri, is hit with a death wave 'four unsolved murders' it doesn't take an expert to realize that all is not well. But luckily for the locals, Anita Blake is an expert in the kinds of preternatural goings on that have everyone spooked. And she's got an 'in' with the creature that can make sense of the slayings the sexy master vampire known as Jean Claude."
Burnt Offerings Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 7 by Laurell K. Hamilton. No description available
"Seduced by Moonlight Merry Gentry 3 by Laurell K. Hamilton. I am Meredith Gentry, P.I. and Princess Merry, heir to the throne of Fairie. Now there are those among me who whisper I am more. They fear me even as they protect me. And who can blame them? I ve awakened the dazzling magic that s slumbered in them for thousands of years. But the thing is, I can t figure out why. My aunt, the Queen of Air and Darkness, is no longer distracted by her usual sadistic hobbies. Her obsession has turned unwaveringly to me. The mission to get me pregnant and beat my cousin Prince Cel to the crown is taking longer than expected. Even though I spend each night with the Queen s Ravens, my immortal guards, no child has come of our decadent pleasures. But something else is happening. My magic courses through me uncontrollably. And as I lock my half mortal body with their full Sidhe blooded ones, the power surges like never before. It all began with the chalice. I dreamed of it, and it appeared, cool and hard, beside me when I awoke. My guards know the ancient relic well its disappearance ages ago stripped them of their vital powers. But it is here with us now. My touch resonates with its force, and they re consumed with it, their Sidhe essences lit up by it. But even as they cherish me for this unexpected gift, there are those who loathe me for it. Me, a mongrel, only half fey and part mortal. The Unseelie court has suffered for so long, and there are some who would not have it weakened further by an impure queen. My enemies grow in number every day. But they do not know what I am capable of. Nor, for that matter, do I. . . . In Seduced by Moonlight, Laurell K. Hamilton brings the dark, erotic reign of the immortal fey to a startling new depth. Full of sensuality and the consuming anticipation of latent powers unleashed, this world of gods, shapeshifters, and immortal souls is unveiled in all of its supreme magnificence and its treacherous deceits."
The Killing Dance Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 6 by Laurell K. Hamilton. No description available
"Cerulean Sins Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 11 by Laurell K. Hamilton. In this novel in the 1 New York Times bestselling series, vampire hunter Anita Blake learns what it's like to be at the new end of a centuries old bloodline and just how far she ll let herself get pushed around. Once a sworn enemy of all monsters, Anita is now the human consort of both Jean Claude, the Master Vampire, and Micah, the leopard shapeshifter. Not quite as human as she once was, she is consumed by both their hungers desires that must be sated time and time again. And when a centuries old vampire targets Jean Claude and his clan, Anita finds herself tested as never before needing all the dark forces her passion can muster to save the ones she loves the most..."
"Blue Moon Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 8 by Laurell K. Hamilton. The Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter backlist lights up the night. In her eighth adventure, Anita Blake can't turn her back on a former lover during the full moon. Especially since he's behind bars and he's a werewolf..."
A Stolen Season Alex McKnight 7 by Steve Hamilton. No description available
Narcissus in Chains Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 10 by Laurell K. Hamilton. No description available
Sensual Phrase Vol. 15 by Mayu Shinj. No description available
Sensual Phrase Vol. 17 by Mayu Shinj. No description available
Sensual Phrase Vol. 3 by Mayu Shinj. No description available
Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine by Dennis L. Kasper Dan L. Longo Stephen L. Hauser Anthony S. Fauci Eugene Braunwald. No description available
For a Few Demons More The Hollows 5 by Kim Harrison. No description available
"A Fistful of Charms The Hollows 4 by Kim Harrison. For a limited time and a special price, catch up with Rachel Morgan in Kim Harrison's bestselling Hollows series, plus receive a sneak peek at the next book in the series, Ever After! In A Fistful of Charms, the evil night things that prowl Cincinnati despise witch and bounty hunter Rachel Morgan. Her new reputation for the dark arts is turning human and undead heads alike with the intent to possess, bed, and kill her not necessarily in that order. Now a mortal lover who abandoned Rachel has returned, haunted by his secret past. And there are those who covet what Nick possesses savage beasts willing to destroy the Hollows and everyone in it if necessary. Forced to keep a low profile or eternally suffer the wrath of a vengeful demon, Rachel must nevertheless act quickly. For the pack is gathering for the first time in millennia to ravage and to rule. And suddenly more than Rachel's soul is at stake."
"The Good the Bad and the Undead The Hollows 2 by Kim Harrison. The second novel in the addictive bestselling supernatural series begun with Dead Witch Walking. To save herself and her vampire roommate, former bounty hunter Rachel Morgan must confront six feet of sheer supernatural seduction the vampire master and dark secrets she s hidden even from herself."
Every Which Way But Dead The Hollows 3 by Kim Harrison. No description available
Dead Witch Walking The Hollows 1 by Kim Harrison. No description available
Dates from Hell by Kim Harrison Lynsay Sands Kelley Armstrong Lori Handeland. No description available
Pacto Con un Demonio by Kim Harrison. No description available
"Incubus Dreams Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 12 by Laurell K. Hamilton. Vampire hunter Anita Blake finds her life is more complicated than ever, caught as she is between her obligations to the living and the undead."
Schattenkuss Meredith Gentry 1 by Laurell K. Hamilton. No description available
"The Lunatic Cafe Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 4 by Laurell K. Hamilton. Fantasy. Anita Blake has fallen for the leader of a local pack of werewolves. She's survived a lot, but this love affair may kill her yet"
"Circus of the Damned Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 3 by Laurell K. Hamilton. First time in trade paperback the third novel in the 1 New York Times bestselling series. In Circus of the Damned now in trade paperback for the first time a rogue master vampire hits town, and Anita gets caught in the middle of an undead turf war. Jean Claude, the Master Vamp of the city, wants her for his own but his enemies have other plans. And to make matters worse, Anita takes a hit to the heart when she meets a stunningly handsome junior high science teacher named Richard Zeeman. They're two humans caught in the crossfire or so Anita thinks."
"Bite Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 8.5 Sookie Stackhouse 5.1 Undead 2.5 Mageverse 1.5 by Laurell K. Hamilton Charlaine Harris MaryJanice Davidson Angela Knight Vickie Taylor. A collection of the first five novels in Laurell K. Hamilton's New York Times bestselling Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter series. Guilty Pleasures The Laughing Corpse Circus of the Damned The Lunatic Cafe Bloody Bones"
Out of this World by J.D. Robb Laurell K. Hamilton Susan Krinard Maggie Shayne. No description available
"Guilty Pleasures Anita Blake Vampire Hunter 1 by Laurell K. Hamilton. Meet Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter, in the first novel in the 1 New York Times bestselling series that blends the genres of romance, horror and adventure with stunning panache Diana Gabaldon . Laurell K. Hamilton s bestselling series has captured readers wildest imaginations and addicted them to a seductive world where supernatural hungers collide with the desires of the human heart, starring a heroine like no other... Anita Blake is small, dark, and dangerous. Her turf is the city of St. Louis. Her job re animating the dead and killing the undead who take things too far. But when the city s most powerful vampire asks her to solve a series of vicious slayings, Anita must confront her greatest fear her undeniable attraction to master vampire Jean Claude, one of the creatures she is sworn to destroy... What The Da Vinci Code did for the religious thriller, the Anita Blake series has done for the vampire novel. USA Today"
"Cravings Undead 1.5 Moon 3.5 by Laurell K. Hamilton MaryJanice Davidson Eileen Wilks Rebecca York. Lily White is suddenly thrust into an unknown underworld of vampires, zombies, and shifters. Turned against her will by the mysterious vampire Darius, can she acclimate to her new undead life or will she break in the process?"
Nachtschw rmer Meredith Gentry 2 by Laurell K. Hamilton. No description available
Laurell K. Hamilton's Anita Blake Vampire Hunter Guilty Pleasures vol 1 by Laurell K. Hamilton Stacie Ritchie Jessica Ruffner Brett Booth. No description available
The Republic by Plato Desmond Lee Maria Helena da Rocha Pereira Benjamin Jowett. No description available
The Republic of Plato by Plato Allan Bloom. No description available
Five Dialogues Euthyphro Apology Crito Meno Phaedo by Plato G.M.A. Grube John M. Cooper. No description available
Plato Not Prozac! Applying Eternal Wisdom to Everyday Problems by Lou Marinoff. No description available
Republic by Plato C.D.C. Reeve. No description available
Plato's Symposium by Plato Seth Benardete Allan Bloom. No description available
The Symposium by Plato Christopher Gill. No description available
The Last Days of Socrates by Plato Hugh Tredennick Harold Tarrant. No description available
Embracing Love Vol. 4 by Youka Nitta. No description available
Embracing Love Vol. 5 by Youka Nitta. No description available
Embracing the Love of God The Path and Promise of Christian Life by James Brian Smith Richard J. Foster. No description available
Embracing Love Vol. 6 by Youka Nitta. No description available
Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bront Margaret Smith Sally Shuttleworth. No description available
In the Forests of the Night by Amelia Atwater Rhodes. No description available
"Hawksong The Kiesha'ra 1 by Amelia Atwater Rhodes. DANICA SHARDAE IS an avian shapeshifter, and the golden hawk s form in which she takes to the sky is as natural to her as the human one that graces her on land. The only thing more familiar to her is war It has raged between her people and the serpiente for so long, no one can remember how the fighting began. As heir to the avian throne, she ll do anything in her power to stop this war even accept Zane Cobriana, the terrifying leader of her kind s greatest enemy, as her pair bond and make the two royal families one. Trust. It is all Zane asks of Danica and all they ask of their people but it may be more than she can give. A School Library Journal Best Books of the Year A VOYA Best Science Fiction, Fantasy, and Horror List selection"
Demon in My View by Amelia Atwater Rhodes. No description available
Shattered Mirror by Amelia Atwater Rhodes. No description available
Midnight Predator by Amelia Atwater Rhodes. No description available
The Pound Era by Hugh Kenner. No description available
Ricochet by Sandra Brown. No description available
The Alibi by Sandra Brown. No description available
A Whole New Light by Sandra Brown. No description available
Where There's Smoke by Sandra Brown. No description available
22 Indigo Place by Sandra Brown. No description available
Led Astray Hellraisers 1 by Erin St. Claire Sandra Brown. No description available
Tidings of Great Joy by Sandra Brown. No description available
A Secret Splendor by Erin St. Claire Sandra Brown. No description available
Love Beyond Reason by Rachel Ryan Sandra Brown. No description available
Words of Silk by Erin St. Claire Sandra Brown. No description available
Two Alone by Erin St. Claire Sandra Brown. No description available
Not Even for Love by Erin St. Claire Sandra Brown. No description available
Charade by Sandra Brown. No description available
Exclusive by Sandra Brown. No description available
"Send No Flowers Bed Breakfast 2 by Sandra Brown. From the beloved Sandra Brown, whose storytelling gift is surprisingly rare Toronto Sun , comes this New York Times bestselling novel, an exquisitely sensual tale of a young woman's sudden, irresistible affair with a stranger a man whose secret could shatter her life.... Since the death of her husband, Alicia Russell has struggled to take care of her two young sons alone. But when a sudden storm threatens to ruin a family camping trip, Alicia must rely upon a stranger for help. Before long, the man offers much more than shelter from the storm. Handsome, sensual, and slightly mysterious, Pierce Reynolds showers much needed attention on Alicia's sons and reminds her how it feels to be desired. But even as Pierce tempts Alicia to explore her newly reawakened longings, he holds her at arm's length, his only explanation a silent refusal to share the secrets of his heart. Alicia knows she can't give Pierce up without a fight. But how can she convince him that love is a risk worth taking?"
The Thrill of Victory by Erin St. Claire Sandra Brown. No description available
Heaven's Price by Sandra Brown. No description available
Riley in the Morning by Sandra Brown. No description available
The Rana Look by Sandra Brown. No description available
Texas! Sage Texas! Tyler Family Saga 3 by Sandra Brown. No description available
Temperatures Rising by Sandra Brown. No description available
A Kiss Remembered by Erin St. Claire Sandra Brown. No description available
"Adam's Fall Mason Sisters 2 by Sandra Brown. For the past few years, Lilah Mason has watched her sister find love, get married, and have children, while she's been more than content to channel her energies into her career. A physical therapist with an unsinkable spirit and unwavering compassion, she's one of the best in the field. But when Lilah takes on a demanding new case, her patient's life isn't the only one transformed. Her new patient, Adam, challenges her methods and authority at every turn. Yet Lilah is determined to help him recover the life he's lost. What she can't see, until it's much too late, is that while she's winning Adam's battle, she's losing her heart... And as professional duty and her passionate yearnings clash, she must choose the course right for them both."
Seduction by Design by Erin St. Claire Sandra Brown. No description available
Prime Time by Rachel Ryan Sandra Brown. No description available
Tiger Prince by Erin St. Claire Sandra Brown. No description available
Best Kept Secrets by Sandra Brown. No description available
Tomorrow's Promise by Sandra Brown. No description available
Sweet Anger by Erin St. Claire Sandra Brown. No description available
Demon Rumm by Sandra Brown. No description available
"Breakfast in Bed Bed Breakfast 1 by Sandra Brown. No meal may be as relaxing or as romantic as breakfast in bed. In this collection of the yummiest dishes from the best selling Breakfast in Bed Cookbook and Breakfast in Bed California Cookbook, the more than 130 recipes included are sure to please. Originally created by B Bs owners that is, people who surely know their morning romance these dishes are sure to get your morning off to the right start. The book is divided into seven sections Scones and Muffins Breads and Coffee Cakes Pancakes, Waffles and French Toast Morning Egg Dishes Eggs for a Crowd Extra Special Dishes and Sauces and Side Dishes. Among the recipes are such succulent treats as Divine Filled Croissants, Mimosa Truffles, and Peach Stuffed French Toast."
Above and Beyond by Erin St. Claire Sandra Brown. No description available
Fanta C Mason Sisters 1 by Sandra Brown. No description available
Relentless Desire by Sandra Brown. No description available
Sunny Chandler's Return by Sandra Brown. No description available
Sandra Brown Three Complete Novels Best Kept Secrets Mirror Image and Slow Heat in Heaven by Sandra Brown. No description available
"The Devil's Own Hellraiser 2 by Erin St. Claire Sandra Brown. Best selling horror novelist Clive Barker's 1987 film Hellraiser has become an undisputed horror classic, spawning a movie franchise that to date includes eight films. Exploring not only the cinematic interpretations of the Hellraiser mythos but also its intrusion into other artistic and cultural forms, this volume begins by identifying the unconventional sources of Barker's inspiration and following Barker from his pre Hellraiser cinematic experience through the filming of the horror classic. It examines various themes such as the undermining of the traditional family unit and the malleability of the flesh found throughout the film series and the ways in which the representation of these themes changes from film to film. The religious aspects of the films are also discussed. Characters central to the franchise and the mythos are examined in detail."
The Switch by Sandra Brown. No description available
Play Dirty by Sandra Brown. No description available
Texas! Trilogy by Sandra Brown. No description available
Betrogen by Sandra Brown. No description available
Tempest in Eden by Sandra Brown. No description available
The Killing of Monday Brown by Sandra West Prowell. No description available
Un nuevo amanecer by Sandra Brown Delia Mateovich. No description available
"Fanta C Loveswept 217 by Sandra Brown. Two years after being widowed, Elizabeth Burke has managed to pick up her life with the help of her sister and two beloved children. Along with caring for her two exuberant angels, she also manages her small, but successful boutique. But there are times when she finds herself dreaming of the love that she once had with her late husband, and fantasizing about once again having the kind of romance that made her knees weak. Enter her dashing neighbor, Thad Randolph. A real gentleman who makes her laugh, Elizabeth can't help but fall for Thad's charms. But is she ready to take a chance at love again, or will she hold back and content herself in her fantasy world?"
Anhelos ocultos by Laura Jordan Sandra Brown Camino Esta Requeni. No description available
Sch ne L gen by Rachel Ryan Sandra Brown. No description available
Yesterday I Cried by Iyanla Vanzant. No description available
The Communist Manifesto by Karl Marx Friedrich Engels Gareth Stedman Jones. No description available
The Communist Manifesto and Other Revolutionary Writings Marx Marat Paine Mao Gandhi and Others by Bob Blaisdell Karl Marx Jean Paul Marat Tom Paine Mao Zedong Mahatma Gandhi. No description available
The Communist Manifesto with Related Documents by Karl Marx Friedrich Engels John E. Toews. No description available
The Communist Manifesto by Karl Marx Friedrich Engels Phil Gasper. No description available
The Communist Manifesto by Karl Marx Friedrich Engels. No description available
The Communist Manifesto and Other Writings by Karl Marx Friedrich Engels Martin Puchner. No description available
The Communist Manifesto by Karl Marx Friedrich Engels Samuel Moore. No description available
The Communist Manifesto Great Ideas by Karl Marx Gareth Stedman Jones Friedrich Engels. No description available
Paula Spencer by Roddy Doyle. No description available
Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha by Roddy Doyle. No description available
Introducing Sartre Introducing... S. by Philip Thody Howard Read. No description available
Colonialism and Neocolonialism by Jean Paul Sartre Azzedine Haddour. No description available
T te T te Simone de Beauvoir and Jean Paul Sartre by Hazel Rowley. No description available
Jean Paul Sartre The Giants of Philosophy by John Compton Charlton Heston. No description available
Observations on the Feeling of the Beautiful and Sublime by Immanuel Kant John T. Goldthwait. No description available
A Philosophical Enquiry into the Origin of our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful by Edmund Burke Adam Phillips. No description available
American Sublime Poems by Elizabeth Alexander. No description available
Beauty and the Contemporary Sublime by Jeremy Gilbert Rolfe. No description available
Cigarettes Are Sublime by Richard Klein. No description available
The Art of the Ridiculous Sublime On David Lynch's Lost Highway by Slavoj i ek Marek Wieczorek. No description available
Why Orwell Matters by Christopher Hitchens. No description available
Shooting an Elephant by George Orwell. No description available
Ape and Essence by Aldous Huxley. No description available
Complete Essays 1 1920 25 by Aldous Huxley Robert S. Baker James Sexton. No description available
The Mottled Lizard by Elspeth Huxley. No description available
Complete Essays 4 1936 38 by Aldous Huxley Robert S. Baker James Sexton. No description available
Plato in 90 Minutes by Paul Strathern. No description available
The Atlantis Dialogue by Plato Aaron Shepard Benjamin Jowett. No description available
Cancer Ward by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn Nicholas Bethell David Burg. No description available
Despair by Vladimir Nabokov. No description available
Cliffs of Despair A Journey to Suicide's Edge by Tom Hunt. No description available
Inconceivable A Woman's Triumph Over Despair and Statistics by Julia Indichova Christiane Northrup. No description available
Diary of a Man in Despair by Friedrich Reck Malleczewen Paul Rubens Richard J. Evans. No description available
Winston S. Churchill Volume VIII 'Never Despair ' 1945 1965 by Martin Gilbert. No description available
Pnin by Vladimir Nabokov David Lodge. No description available
The Hunchback of Notre Dame by Victor Hugo Walter J. Cobb. No description available
The Hunchback of Notre Dame by Victor Hugo Catherine Liu Elizabeth McCracken. No description available
The Art of the Hunchback of Notre Dame by Stephen Rebello Walt Disney Company. No description available
Art and Culture Critical Essays by Clement Greenberg Janice Horne. No description available
Readings for Meditation and Reflection by C.S. Lewis Walter Hooper. No description available
C.S. Lewis and the Catholic Church by Joseph Pearce. No description available
The Collected Letters of C.S. Lewis Volume 1 Family Letters 1905 1931 by C.S. Lewis Walter Hooper. No description available
Letters to Children by C.S. Lewis Lyle Wesley Dorsett Marjorie Lamp Mead Douglas Gresham. No description available
Cartas del diablo a su sobrino by C.S. Lewis Miguel Marias. No description available
The Four Loves by C.S. Lewis. No description available
What Christians Believe by C.S. Lewis. No description available
C. S. Lewis Life Works and Legacy by Bruce L. Edwards Diana Pavlac Glyer. No description available
Mere Christianity Abolition of Man Bonus Feature by C.S. Lewis Geoffrey Howard Robert Whitefield Robert Whitfield. No description available
The Art of Listening by Erich Fromm Rainer Funk. No description available
Beyond the Chains of Illusion My Encounter with Marx and Freud by Erich Fromm Rainer Funk. No description available
The Art of Loving by Erich Fromm A True Story of a Japanese Woman by Lala Okamoto. No description available
Marx's Concept of Man by Erich Fromm T.B. Bottomore. No description available
Meditations on First Philosophy by Ren Descartes Donald A. Cress. No description available
Meditations by Marcus Aurelius Martin Hammond Albert Wittstock Diskin Clay. No description available
Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift YKids. No description available
The Sleepwalkers A History of Man's Changing Vision of the Universe by Arthur Koestler Herbert Butterfield. No description available
Darkness at Noon by Arthur Koestler Daphne Hardy. No description available
The Thirteenth Tribe by Arthur Koestler. No description available
The Act of Creation by Arthur Koestler. No description available
The Ghost in the Machine by Arthur Koestler. No description available
The Case of the Midwife Toad by Arthur Koestler. No description available
The Invisible Writing by Arthur Koestler. No description available
Up in the Air by Walter Kirn. No description available
Thumbsucker by Walter Kirn. No description available
Crazy Lady! by Jane Leslie Conly. No description available
Be the Person You Want to Find Relationship and Self Discovery by Cheri Huber June Shiver. No description available
Making a Change for Good A Guide to Compassionate Self Discipline by Cheri Huber. No description available
The Total Library Non Fiction 1922 1986 by Jorge Luis Borges Suzanne Jill Levine Esther Allen. No description available
Ficciones by Jorge Luis Borges John Sturrock Anthony Kerringan. No description available
Montaigne Essays by Michel de Montaigne J.M. Cohen. No description available
The Complete Works by Michel de Montaigne Donald M. Frame. No description available
The Complete Essays by Michel de Montaigne M.A. Screech. No description available
On Friendship by Michel de Montaigne M.A. Screech. No description available
To America with Love Letters from the Underground by Abbie Hoffman Anita Hoffman. No description available
The Stories So Far by Deborah Eisenberg. No description available
"Hellsing Vol. 03 Hellsing 3 by Kohta Hirano. The manga that spawned the worldwide hit anime, Kohta Hirano s Hellsing returns in a new edition with revised translation and new graphic design. Hellsing combines gothic horror, violent action, and dark humor into a blistering bloodbath of nightmarish proportions! A Hellsing Organization strike team travels to Rio de Janeiro to seek and destroy the vampire breeding Nazis of Millennium, only to find themselves labeled as international terrorists, a fiction perpetrated by Brazilian officials in exchange for Millennium s promise of immortality. An armada of military police is dispatched to take down the Hellsing crew, and though the cops may be prepared for violent subversives, they are most definitely unprepared to face Alucard, lord of the undead!"
"Hellsing Vol. 04 Hellsing 4 by Kohta Hirano. The manga that spawned the worldwide hit anime, Kohta Hirano s Hellsing returns in new editions with revised translations and new graphic design. Hellsing combines gothic horror, violent action, and dark humor into a catastrophic carnival of carnage! Nazis sequestered for generations in South America have engineered an army of vampires in preparation for a war against the living. But the Protestant helmed Hellsing Organization and the Iscariot Agency of the Catholic Church stand in their way. The rival factions best hope against the armies of the undead is to join forces, but can the Holy Church ever align with a group that uses unholy creatures like Alucard, the mightiest vampire of all?"
Verserade tankar by Lennart Hellsing Fibben Hald. No description available
Reefer Madness Sex Drugs and Cheap Labor in the American Black Market by Eric Schlosser. No description available
Feeding the Future From Fat to Famine How to Solve the World's Food Crises by Andrew Heintzman Evan Solomon Eric Schlosser. No description available
Chew on This Everything You Don't Want to Know About Fast Food by Eric Schlosser Charles Wilson. No description available
Shaken Left Behind The Kids 23 25 by Jerry B. Jenkins Tim LaHaye Chris Fabry. No description available
The Rapture In the Twinkling of an Eye Before They Were Left Behind 3 by Tim LaHaye Jerry B. Jenkins. No description available
Kingdom Come The Final Victory Left Behind 13 by Tim LaHaye Jerry B. Jenkins. No description available
"John's Story The Last Eyewitness The Jesus Chronicles 1 by Tim LaHaye Jerry B. Jenkins. The brand new bestselling series from the authors of the phenomenal multi million selling Left Behind books. Now in paperback! Here is the first in the Biblically inspired series, The Jesus Chronicles, which brings to life the story of Jesus, told in the voices of those who knew and loved him best the Gospel writers John, Mark, Matthew, and Luke. In this volume, readers will discover John's story, a thrilling account of the life of the man who came to fulfill the prophecies of the Old Testament and to save all of humankind and the disciple who was the last eyewitness to Jesus' glory. Readers will experience firsthand the creation of the Gospel of John as well as the Book of Revelation Scripture that still has profound meaning for the world 2,000 years later."
"Silenced The Wrath of God Descends Underground Zealot 2 by Jerry B. Jenkins. Enter the continuing story of double agent Paul Stepola as he works to protect his fellow believers from the government that is trying to eliminate Christians. The underground church is in mortal peril following the apocalyptic events in Los Angeles, which have only cast further suspicion upon Christians. Meanwhile, Paul struggles with how to tell his family about his newfound faith without raising the suspicions of his ruthless father in law. A gripping, futuristic thriller that will keep you glued to the page."
Restless Till We Rest in You 60 Reflections from the Writings of St. Augustine Saints Speak Today by Augustine of Hippo. No description available
A Woman in Berlin Eight Weeks in the Conquered City A Diary by Anonymous Philip Boehm Hans Magnus Enzensberger. No description available
The Woman Warrior by Maxine Hong Kingston. No description available
A Woman in Jerusalem by A.B. Yehoshua Hillel Halkin. No description available
The Kept Woman by Susan Donovan. No description available
My Woman His Wife by Anna J.. No description available
Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories by Sandra Cisneros. No description available
"The Bean Trees Greer Family 1 by Barbara Kingsolver. The Bean Trees is the work of a visionary. . . . It leaves you open mouthed and smiling. Los Angeles Times A bestseller that has come to be regarded as an American classic, The Bean Trees is the novel that launched Barbara Kingsolver s remarkable literary career. It is the charming, engrossing tale of rural Kentucky native Taylor Greer, who only wants to get away from her roots and avoid getting pregnant. She succeeds, but inherits a three year old Native American girl named Turtle along the way, and together, from Oklahoma to Arizona, half Cherokee Taylor and her charge search for a new life in the West. Hers is a story about love and friendship, abandonment and belonging, and the discovery of surprising resources in seemingly empty places. This edition includes a P.S. section with additional insights from the author, background material, suggestions for further reading, and more."
The Crazyladies of Pearl Street by Trevanian. No description available
The Summer of Katya by Trevanian. No description available
The Main by Trevanian. No description available
"The Eiger Sanction Jonathan Hemlock 1 by Trevanian. Jonathan Hemlock lives in a renovated Gothic church on Long Island. He is an art professor, a mountain climber, and a mercenary, performing assassinations i.e., sanctions for money to augment his black market art collection. Now Hemlock is being tricked into a hazardous assignment that involves an attempt to scale one of the most treacherous mountain peaks in the Swiss Alps, the Eiger. In a breathtakingly suspenseful story that is part thriller and part satire, the author traces Hemlock s spine tingling adventures, introducing a cast of intriguing characters villains, traitors, beautiful women into the highly charged atmosphere of danger. The accumulating threads of suspicion, accusation, and evidence gradually knit themselves into a bizarre and death defying climax in this exciting, entertaining novel that will keep readers on the edge of their seats until the last absorbing page."
Time to Learn How to Create High Schools That Serve All Students by George H. Wood Theodore R. Sizer. No description available
"Scoop Occupational Hazards 1 by Rene Gutteridge. And now back to our regularly scheduled insanity. Channel 7 news producer Hugo Talley dreams of working with first class professionals. Instead he s saddled with a weatherman who can t admit when he s wrong, an aging anchorwoman who refuses to release her clawlike grip on the newsdesk, a conscience stricken reporter who s reluctant to focus on sensationalism, and a new assistant former homeschool student Hayden Hazard who can t just seem to leave her faith outside the newsroom. When the Channel News 7 team inadvertently stumbles on a hot news story, Hugo is frantic to exploit this rare opportunity. But a series of crises including a Botox disaster and the disappearance of a colleague threatens to destroy his chance for ratings success and send him completely over the edge. Meanwhile Hayden s presence is distracting at least two coworkers. Softspoken reporter Ray Duffey isn t sure whether he s attracted or frightened by her outspoken faith, while ego driven Sam Leege is certain her na ve spiritual convictions will fall victim to his persuasive attentions. With their oddball antics and all too real foibles, this lovable cast of characters offers a hilarious look at the sometimes unexpected effects of taking one s faith boldly into the workplace."
Brideshead Revisited by Evelyn Waugh. No description available
Black Mischief by Evelyn Waugh. No description available
The Complete Stories of Evelyn Waugh by Evelyn Waugh. No description available
Helena by Evelyn Waugh George Weigel Amy Welborn. No description available
Choo Choo Carry Along Book Cassette Favorites by Virginia Lee Burton. No description available
The Rise of Christianity by Rodney Stark. No description available
The Rise of Christianity A Sociologist Reconsiders History by Rodney Stark. No description available
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas Official Strategy Guide by Rick Barba. No description available
"Rounding the Mark Inspector Montalbano 7 by Andrea Camilleri Stephen Sartarelli. You either love Andrea Camilleri or you haven t read him yet. Each novel in this wholly addictive, entirely magical series, set in Sicily and starring a detective unlike any other in crime fiction, blasts the brain like a shot of pure oxygen. Aglow with local color, packed with flint dry wit, as fresh and clean as Mediterranean seafood altogether transporting. Long live Camilleri, and long live Montalbano. A.J. Finn, 1 New York Times bestselling author of The Woman in the Window From the maestro of suspense, comes a spellbinding mystery that will transport you to the sun soaked streets of Sicily. Rounding the Mark takes you on a gripping journey with Detective Montalbano as he unravels the enigmatic deaths of two individuals. As he delves deeper into the investigation, Montalbano confronts a clandestine underworld of human trafficking. With each twist and turn, the detective's physical and moral limits are tested. Disillusioned and no longer believing in the institution he serves, will he withdraw or delve deeper into his work? Andrea Camilleri's masterful storytelling, infused with dry wit and vivid local color, will keep you on the edge of your seat until the shocking conclusion. Long live Camilleri, and long live Montalbano, the detective unlike any other in crime fiction."
"Excursion to Tindari Inspector Montalbano 5 by Andrea Camilleri Stephen Sartarelli. The novels of Andrea Camilleri breathe out the sense of place, the sense of humor, and the sense of despair that fills the air of Sicily. Donna Leon A young Don Juan is found murdered in front of his apartment building one morning, and an elderly couple is reported missing after an excursion to the ancient site of Tindari two seemingly unrelated cases for Inspector Montalbano to solve amid the daily complications of life at Vig ta police headquarters. But when Montalbano discovers that the couple and the murdered young man lived in the same building, his investigation stumbles onto Sicily's brutal New Mafia, which leads him down a path more evil and far reaching than any he has been on before."
Voice of the Violin Inspector Montalbano 4 by Andrea Camilleri Stephen Sartarelli. No description available
Andreas Gursky by Andreas Gursky Peter Galassi. No description available
"Moon of the Spider Diablo 4 by Richard A. Knaak. Since the beginning of time, the angelic hosts of the High Heavens and the demonic hordes of the Burning Hells have been locked in a struggle for the fate of all Creation. That struggle has now come to the mortal realm...and neither Man nor Demon nor Angel will be left unscathed.... DIABLO Driven by nightmares to the ruins of a mysterious tomb, Lord Aldric Jitan hopes to awaken a terrible evil that has slept since the fall of Tristram. Drawn by the growing darkness in the land, the enigmatic Necromancer, Zayl, stumbles upon Jitan's plot unaware that one of his own brethren has set these dire events in motion. Now, as the celestial Moon of the Spider rises, the nefarious demon, Astrogha, prepares to unleash his minions upon Sanctuary. MOON OF THE SPIDER An original tale of swords, sorcery, and timeless struggle based on the bestselling, award winning M rated computer game from Blizzard Entertainment. Intended for mature readers."
"The Black Road Diablo 2 by Mel Odom. Since the beginning of time, the angelic hosts of the High Heavens and the demonic hordes of the Burning Hells have been locked in a struggle for the fate of all Creation. That struggle has now come to the mortal realm...and neither Man nor Demon nor Angel will be left unscathed.... Darrick Lang is coming home. Years ago he left the town of Bramwell to walk the wide world as a soldier of fortune and champion of the realm. But Bramwell is not as he left it. Something dark and terrifying has ensnared the townsfolk, something very old and very patient, tangling innocents in a web of malice and profaning the very earth itself. Now that same power calls to Darrick and his only hope may be to walk the same perilous path of damnation. The Black Road An original tale of space warfare set in the world of the bestselling computer game!"
"Legacy of Blood Diablo 1 by Richard A. Knaak. Since the beginning of time, the angelic hosts of the High Heavens and the demonic hordes of the Burning Hells have been locked in a struggle for the fate of all Creation. That struggle has now come to the mortal realm...and neither Man nor Demon nor Angel will be left unscathed... Norrec Vizharan has become a living nightmare. While on a quest to find magical treasure, the soldier of fortune discovers an artifact beyond his wildest dreams the ancient armor of Bartuc, the legendary Warlord of Blood. But the mysterious armor soul. Now, pursued by demons who covet the dark armor for their own devices, Norrec must overcome a bloodlust he can scarcely control and learn the truth about his terrifying curse before he is lost to darkness forever... An orginal tale of swords, sorcery, and timeless struggle based on the bestselling, award winning M rated electronic game form Blizzard Entertainment. Intended for mature readers."
The Kingdom of Shadow Diablo 3 by Richard A. Knaak. No description available
"Scales of the Serpent Diablo The Sin War 2 by Richard A. Knaak. Since the beginning of time, the angelic forces of the High Heavens and the demonic hordes of the Burning Hells have been locked in the Eternal Conflict for the fate of all Creation. That struggle has now spilled over into Sanctuary the world of men. Determined to win mankind over to their respective causes, the forces of good and evil wage a secret war for mortal souls. This is the tale of the Sin War the conflict that would forever change the destiny of man. Bent on destroying the evil cult of the Triune, Uldyssian does not yet suspect that Inarius secret Prophet of the Cathedral of Light has been subtly aiding his quest. Obsessed with restoring Sanctuary to its former glory, Inarius has been playing Uldyssian against the two great religions in a reckless attempt to topple them both. But another player has slipped back into the equation. The demon Lilith, once Inarius's lover, seeks to use Uldyssian as her own pawn in a scheme to turn humans into an army of naphalem godlike beings, more powerful than any angel or demon, who could overturn all Creation and elevate Lilith to supreme being. An original tale of swords, sorcery, and timeless struggle based on the bestselling, award winning M rated computer game from Blizzard Entertainment. Intended for mature readers."
El Escorpion La Marca del Diablo El Escorpion The Mark of the Devil by Stephen Desberg Enrico Marini. No description available
Diablo II Ultimate Strategy Guide by Bart G. Farkas. No description available
El Diablo Cojuelo by Luis V lez de Guevara. No description available
El diablo de la botella by Robert Louis Stevenson Diana Castellanos Eleonora Garcia Larralde. No description available
Diabolo Volume 1 by Kei Kusunoki Kaoru Ohashi. No description available
Japan Lonely Planet Guide by Chris Rowthorn Ray Bartlett Justin Ellis. No description available
Pink Box Inside Japan's Sex Clubs by Joan Sinclair James Farrer. No description available
Japan at War An Oral History by Haruko Taya Cook Theodore F. Cook. No description available
Sister Bernadette's Barking Dog The Quirky History and Lost Art of Diagramming Sentences by Kitty Burns Florey. No description available
A Three Dog Life by Abigail Thomas. No description available
For the Love of a Dog Understanding Emotion in You and Your Best Friend by Patricia B. McConnell. No description available
Malcolm X Speaks Selected Speeches and Statements by Malcolm X George Breitman. No description available
Martin and Malcolm and America A Dream or a Nightmare? by James H. Cone. No description available
Under the Volcano by Malcolm Lowry. No description available
The New Knighthood A History of the Order of the Temple by Malcolm Barber. No description available
Malcolm X A Graphic Biography by Andrew Helfer Randy DuBurke. No description available
Who Are You? 101 Ways of Seeing Yourself by Malcolm Godwin. No description available
Bosnia A Short History by Noel Malcolm. No description available
The Other Boleyn Girl by Philippa Gregory. No description available
The Last Boleyn by Karen Harper. No description available
The Rise and Fall of Anne Boleyn by Retha M. Warnicke. No description available
The Secret Diary of Anne Boleyn by Robin Maxwell. No description available
Lila An Inquiry Into Morals Phaedrus 2 by Robert M. Pirsig. No description available
Lila's Child An Inquiry into Quality by Robert M. Pirsig Dan Glover. No description available
Swapping Lives by Jane Green. No description available
Babyville by Jane Green. No description available
To Have and to Hold by Jane Green. No description available
Mr. Maybe by Jane Green. No description available
Straight Talking by Jane Green. No description available
Spellbound by Jane Green. No description available
This Christmas by Jane Green Jennifer Coburn Liz Ireland. No description available
Krik? Krak! Re cits by Edwidge Danticat Nicole Tisserand. No description available
Homelands Women s Journeys Across Race Place and Time by Patricia Justine Tumang Edwidge Danticat Jenesha de Rivera. No description available
The Farming of Bones by Edwidge Danticat. No description available
The Dew Breaker by Edwidge Danticat. No description available
I Capture the Castle by Dodie Smith. No description available
Conversations with Ernest Hemingway Literary Conversations by Ernest Hemingway Matthew J. Bruccoli. No description available
The Rapture Who Will Face the Tribulation by Tim LaHaye. No description available
The Regime Evil Advances Before They Were Left Behind 2 by Tim LaHaye Jerry B. Jenkins. No description available
"The Rising Antichrist is Born Before They Were Left Behind 1 by Tim LaHaye Jerry B. Jenkins. The countdown to Rapture begins as Marilena Carpathia unknowingly gives birth to the Antichrist, and half a world away, God's plans begin to take form in young Ray Steele."
The Earth and Its Peoples Volume II by Richard W. Bulliet Daniel R. Headrick David Northrup Lyman L. Johnson Pamela Kyle Crossley Steven W. Hirsch Steven Hirsch. No description available
The Earth and Its Peoples A Global History Volume C Since 1750 by Richard W. Bulliet Pamela Kyle Crossley Steven Hirsch. No description available
The Life of Charlotte Bront by Elizabeth Gaskell Angus Easson. No description available
The Juvenilia of Jane Austen and Charlotte Bront by Jane Austen Charlotte Bront Frances Beer. No description available
Selected Works of the Bront Sisters Jane Eyre Villette Wuthering Heights Agnes Grey The Tenant of Wildfell Hall by Charlotte Bront Emily Bront Anne Bront. No description available
Morgan's Passing by Anne Tyler. No description available
Back When We Were Grownups by Anne Tyler. No description available
Celestial Navigation by Anne Tyler. No description available
Breathing Lessons by Anne Tyler. No description available
The Tin Can Tree by Anne Tyler. No description available
Inside the Mind of Gideon Rayburn Midvale Academy 1 by Sarah Miller. No description available
Patience Sarah by Isabel Miller Emma Donoghue. No description available
The Razor's Edge by W. Somerset Maugham. No description available
Razor's Edge The Unofficial History of the Falklands War by Hugh Bicheno Richard Holmes. No description available
Tom Jones by Henry Fielding Doreen Roberts. No description available
Clarissa Or The History of a Young Lady by Samuel Richardson Sheila Ortiz Taylor. No description available
"The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy The Quintessential Phase Hitchhiker's Guide Radio Play 5 by Douglas Adams Dirk Maggs Simon Jones Geoffrey McGivern Mark Wing Davey Susan Sheridan Sandra Dickinson Stephen Moore William Franklyn Rula Lenska Sam Burke. A dynamic remastering of the original BBC Radio 4 full cast serial 'Fit the First' to 'Fit the Sixth' which spawned a phenomenal hitchhiking legend. Voted the nation's favourite audiobook in a recent Guardian poll, the original series of 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy' has been remastered by Dirk Maggs director of the Tertiary, Quandary and Quintessential Phases to give a full, vibrant sound, now with Philip Pope's version of the familiar theme tune and specially re recorded announcements by John Marsh. Join Arthur Dent, Ford Prefect, Trillian, Zaphod Beeblebrox and Marvin the Paranoid Android in their first series of adventures as they witness the destruction of Earth to make way for a hyperspace bypass, stumble upon the ancient planet of Magrathea, dine at the Restaurant at the End of the Universe, and seek an answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, The Universe and Everything. Peter Jones, Simon Jones, Geoffrey McGivern, Mark Wing Davey, Susan Sheridan, Stephen Moore and a full supporting cast star in these BBC Radio 4 episodes. A special 55 minute bonus programme, 'Douglas Adams's Guide to the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy', explores the genesis of the radio series and its incredible success, with contributions from the original cast and production team."
The Secret of Shambhala In Search of the Eleventh Insight Celestine Prophecy 3 by James Redfield. No description available
The Celestine Vision Living the New Spiritual Awareness by James Redfield. No description available
The Purpose of Your Life Finding Your Place In The World Using Synchronicity Intuition And Uncommon Sense by Carol Adrienne James Redfield. No description available
The Janson Directive Paul Janson 1 by Robert Ludlum. Now in paperback Ludlum's critically acclaimed New York Times bestseller featuring an unforgettable hero who must uncover a truth that has the power to change the very course of history. Martin's Press.
"The Moscow Vector Covert One 6 by Patrick Larkin Robert Ludlum. For the past three decades Robert Ludlum's bestselling novels have been enjoyed by hundreds of millions of readers worldwide and have set the standard against which all other thrillers are measured. His Covert One series has been among his most beloved creations. Now comes the latest thrilling novel in the series Robert Ludlum's The Moscow Vector At an international conference in Prague, Lt. Col. Jon Smith, an Army research doctor specializing in infectious diseases and secretly an agent attached to Covert One, is contacted by a Russian colleague, Dr. Valentine Petrenko. Petrenko is concerned about a small cluster of mysterious deaths in Moscow and about the Russian government's refusal to release publicly any information or data on the outbreak. When the two meet, they are attacked by a group of mysterious men and Petrenko is killed. His notes and medical samples are lost, and Smith barely escapes with his life. At the same time, a series of government officials around the world are coming down with a mysterious, fast acting virus with a 100 fatality rate. These deaths are somehow related to the increasing militarism from the new Russian government, headed by the autocratic and ambitious President Victor Dudarev. With few clues and precious little time, Smith and Covert One must unravel this mysterious plot and find the mysterious figure who stands at the center of it all. ."
The Ambler Warning by Robert Ludlum. No description available
Historical Romances The Prince and the Pauper A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur s Court Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc by Mark Twain Susan K. Harris. No description available
Bleak House by Charles Dickens Nicola Bradbury Hablot Knight Browne. No description available
Our Mutual Friend by Charles Dickens. No description available
A Christmas Carol and Other Christmas Books by Charles Dickens Robert Douglas Fairhurst. No description available
Little Dorrit by Charles Dickens Stephen J. Wall Helen Small. No description available
Baseball a Literary Anthology by Nicholas Dawidoff Ernest Lawrence Thayer Jacques Barzun Robert Frost John Updike Leroy Satchel Paige Bill Veeck Murray Kempton Jimmy Breslin Marianne Moore Gay Talese Tallulah Bankhead Albert G. Spalding Nelson Algren William Carlos Williams James Weldon Johnson Thomas Wolfe James Thurber Philip Roth Jim Bouton Dave Frishberg Roger Kahn Roger Angell Damon Runyon George Plimpton A. Bartlett Giamatti Amiri Baraka Annie Dillard Stephen Jay Gould Stephen King Richard Ford Don DeLillo Lawrence S. Ritter Ring Lardner Carl Sandburg Heywood Broun Bernard Malamud Red Smith. No description available
"The Bourne Ultimatum Jason Bourne 3 by Robert Ludlum. 1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER At a small town carnival, two men, each mysteriously summoned by telegram, witness a bizarre killing. The telegrams are signed Jason Bourne. Only they know Bourne s true identity and understand that the telegrams are really a message from Bourne s mortal enemy, Carlos, known also as the Jackal, the world s deadliest and most elusive terrorist. And furthermore, they know what the Jackal wants a final confrontation with Bourne. Now David Webb, professor of Oriental studies, husband, and father, must do what he hoped never to do again assume the terrible identity of Jason Bourne. His plan is simple to infiltrate the politically and economically omnipotent Medusan group and use himself as bait to lure the cunning Jackal into a deadly trap a trap from which only one of them will escape."
The Sigma Protocol by Robert Ludlum. No description available
The Road to Gandolfo by Robert Ludlum Michael Shepherd. No description available
"The Arctic Event Covert One 7 by James H. Cobb Robert Ludlum. On a remote island in the Canadian Arctic, researchers discover the wreckage of a mysterious World War II era aircraft, a discovery that forces the Russian Federation into a shocking admission. The unmarked plane is a Soviet strategic bomber that disappeared with its crew more than fifty years ago while carrying two metric tons of weaponized anthrax. Desperate to prevent a political and diplomatic firestorm, the U.S. president dispatches a Covert One team led by Lieutenant Colonel Jon Smith to the crash site. But others have reached the frigid, windswept island first, including an international arms dealer and his crew of vicious mercenaries. As for the Russians, they are lying a second, even deadlier, secret rests within the hulk of the lost bomber, a secret the Russians are willing to kill to protect. Trapped in a polar wilderness, Smith and his team find themselves fighting a savage war on two fronts against an enemy they can see and another hiding within their own ranks."
"The Altman Code Covert One 4 by Gayle Lynds Robert Ludlum Don Leslie. When a Chinese cargo ship is rumored to be carrying tons of chemicals to be used by a rogue nation to create new biological weapons, the president enlists Covert One Agent Jon Smith to uncover the truth. Available in a tall Premium Edition. Reissue."
The Matlock Paper by Robert Ludlum. No description available
Fat Pig by Neil LaBute. No description available
Hickory Dickory Dock Hercule Poirot 32 by Agatha Christie Hugh Fraser. No description available
"A Caribbean Mystery Miss Marple 10 by Agatha Christie. As Miss Marple dozes in the West Indian sun, an old soldier talks of elephant shooting and scandals. Then he dies and the deceptively frail detective must investigate a most exotic murder. As Miss Marple sat basking in the Caribbean sunshine, she felt mildly discontented with life. True, the warmth eased her rheumatism, but here in paradise nothing ever happened. Eventually, her interest was aroused by an old soldier's yarn about a murderer he had known. Infuriatingly, just as he was about to show her a snapshot of this acquaintance, the Major was suddenly interrupted. A diversion that was to prove fatal."
Five Complete Miss Marple Novels The Mirror Crack'd A Caribbean Mystery Nemesis What Mrs. McGillicuddy Saw! The Body in the Library by Agatha Christie. No description available
At Bertram's Hotel by Agatha Christie. No description available
"Nemesis Miss Marple 12 by Agatha Christie. Even the unflappable Miss Marple is astounded as she reads the letter addressed to her on instructions from the recently deceased tycoon Mr. Jason Rafiel, whom she had met on holiday in the West Indies A Caribbean Mystery . Recognizing in her a natural flair for justice and a genius for crime solving, Mr. Rafiel has bequeathed to Miss Marple a 20,000 legacy and a legacy of an entirely different sort. For he has asked Miss Marple to investigate...his own murder. The only problem is, Mr. Rafiel has failed to name a suspect or suspects. And, whoever they are, they will certainly be determined to thwart Miss Marple's inquiries no matter what it will take to stop her."
A Pocket Full of Rye A BBC Radio 4 Full Cast Dramatisation by Agatha Christie Michael Bakewell June Whitfield Nicky Henson Derek Waring Natasha Pyne. No description available
Miss Marple Omnibus Vol. 3 Murder at the Vicarage Nemesis Sleeping Murder At Bertram's Hotel by Agatha Christie. No description available
The Dance of Anger by Harriet Lerner. No description available
"Dance of the Gods Circle Trilogy 2 by Nora Roberts. Combining elements of the supernatural with gripping suspense and seduction, 1 New York Times bestselling author Nora Roberts presents the second novel in her Circle Trilogy He saw where the earth was scorched, where it was trampled. He saw his own hoofprints left in the sodden earth when he d galloped through the battle in the form of a horse. And he saw the woman who d ridden him, slashing destruction with a flaming sword Blair Murphy has always worked alone. Destined to be a demon hunter in a world that doesn t believe in such things, she lives for the kill. But now, she finds herself the warrior in a circle of six, chosen by the goddess Morrigan to defeat the vampire Lilith and her minions. Learning to trust the others has been hard, for Blair has never allowed herself such a luxury. But she finds herself drawn to Larkin, a man of many shapes. As a horse, he is proud and graceful as a dragon, beautifully fierce and as a man well, Blair has never seen one quite so ruggedly handsome and playfully charming as this nobleman from the past. In two months time, the circle of six will face Lilith and her army in Geall. To complete preparations and round up forces to fight, the circle travels through time to Larkin s world, where Blair must choose between battling her overwhelming attraction to him or risking everything for a love that can never be Don t miss the other books in the Circle Trilogy Morrigan s Cross Valley of Silence"
Barnyard Dance by Sandra Boynton. No description available
The Dance of Intimacy A Woman's Guide to Courageous Acts of Change in Key Relationships by Harriet Lerner. No description available
4 50 from Paddington A Pocket Full of Rye BBC Presents Two Miss Marple Dramas by Agatha Christie. No description available
"Blood Canticle The Vampire Chronicles 10 by Anne Rice. Fiery, fierce, and erotic, Blood Canticle marks the triumphant culmination of Anne Rice s bestselling Vampire Chronicles, as Lestat tells his astounding tale of the pleasures and tortures that lie between death s shadow and immortality. . . . Surrounded by its brooding swampscape, Blackwood Farm is alive with the comings and goings of the bewitched and the bewitching. Among them is the ageless vampire Lestat, vainglorious enough to believe that he can become a saint, weak enough to fall impossibly in love. Gripped by his unspeakable desire for the mortal Rowan Mayfair and taking the not so innocent, new to the blood Mona Mayfair under his wing, Lestat braves the wrath of paterfamilias Julien Mayfair and ventures to a private island off the coast of Haiti. There, Saint Lestat will get his chance to slay his dragon. For Mona and the Mayfairs share an explosive, secret blood bond to another deathless species a five thousand year old race of Taltos, strangers held in the throes of evil itself."
"The Vampire Armand The Vampire Chronicles 6 by Anne Rice. See the difference, read 1 bestselling author Anne Rice in Large Print About Large Print All Random House Large Print editions are published in a 16 point typeface In the latest installment of The Vampire Chronicles, Anne Rice summons up dazzling worlds to bring us the story of Armand eternally young, with the face of a Botticelli angel. Armand, who first appeared in all his dark glory more than twenty years ago in the now classic Interview with the Vampire, the first of The Vampire Chronicles, the novel that established its author worldwide as a magnificent storyteller and creator of magical realms. Now, we go with Armand across the centuries to the Kiev Rus of his boyhood a ruined city under Mongol dominion and to ancient Constantinople, where Tartar raiders sell him into slavery. And in a magnificent palazzo in the Venice of the Renaissance we see him emotionally and intellectually in thrall to the great vampire Marius, who masquerades among humankind as a mysterious, reclusive painter and who will bestow upon Armand the gift of vampiric blood. As the novel races to its climax, moving through scenes of luxury and elegance, of ambush, fire, and devil worship to nineteenth century Paris and today's New Orleans, we see its eternally vulnerable and romantic hero forced to choose between his twilight immortality and the salvation of his immortal soul."
Violin by Anne Rice. No description available
Cry to Heaven by Anne Rice. No description available
"Lasher Lives of the Mayfair Witches 2 by Anne Rice. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER From the beloved author of the Vampire Chronicles, the second installation of her spellbinding Mayfair Chronicles the inspiration for the hit television series! Anne Rice s descriptive writing is so opulent it almost begs to be read by candlelight. The Washington Post Book World In seventeenth century Scotland, the first witch, Suzanne of the Mayfair, conjured up the spirit she named Lasher a creation that spelled her own destruction and torments each of her descendants. Now, the beautiful Rowan Mayfair, queen of the coven, must flee from this darkly brutal yet irresistible demon. The magic of the Mayfairs continues THE WITCHING HOUR LASHER TALTOS"
"Blood And Gold The Vampire Chronicles 8 by Anne Rice. NATIONAL BESTSELLER The Vampire Chronicles continue as the great vampire Marius returns. The golden haired Marius, true Child of the Millennia, once mentor to The Vampire Lestat, always and forever the conscientious foe of the Evil Doer, reveals in his own intense yet inti mate voice the secrets of his two thousand year existence. Once a proud Senator in Imperial Rome, kidnapped and made a blood god by the Druids, Marius becomes the embittered protector of Akasha and Enkil, Queen and King of the vampires, in whom the core of the supernatural race resides. We follow him through his heartbreaking abandonment of the vampire Pandora. Through him we see the fall of pagan Rome to the Emperor Constantine and the horrific sack of the Eternal City itself at the hands of the Visigoths. Bravely, Marius seeks a new civilization in the midst of glittering Constantinople, only to meet with the blood drinker Eudoxia. We see him ultimately returning to his beloved Italy, where after the horrors of the Black Death, he is restored by the beauty of the Renaissance. We see him become a painter living dangerously yet happily among mortals, giving his heart to the great Botticelli, to the bewitching courtesan Bianca, and to the mysterious young apprentice Armand. Moving from Rome to Florence, Venice, and Dresden, and to the English castle of the secret scholarly order of the Talamasca, the novel reaches its dramatic finale in our own time, deep in the jungle where Marius, having told his life story, seeks some measure of justice from the oldest vampires in the world."
"Hot Stuff Cate Madigan 1 by Janet Evanovich Leanne Banks. Dear Reader, If you like hot men, hot action and hot attraction you're going to love this HOT new series! HOT STUFF introduces Cate Madigan, a Boston native from a large and crazy Irish family. Cate has far too much going on to get involved in extracurricular activities, like men and marriage. She spends all day in school, earning her teaching degree, and all night working as a bartender in Boston's South End. Ex cop Kellen McBride has decided to make Cate's bar his nightly haunt. He likes Cate's sassy Irish spirit and wild red hair. He also has an ulterior motive for getting close to her. Cate has sworn off all things romantic, but when she comes home to a ransacked apartment, a roommate who has flown the coop, and a sleeping bullmastiff named Beast, Cate has no choice but to ask Kellen for help. Can Kate resist the charming Kellen McBride while keeping herself out of danger? Or will Kellen turn up the heat on Cate and everything in her life? We know you'll have a blast with HOT STUFF! Janet Leanne"
Lovelock Mayflower Trilogy 1 by Orson Scott Card Kathryn H. Kidd. No description available
Treasure Box by Orson Scott Card. No description available
Songmaster by Orson Scott Card. No description available
Stone Tables by Orson Scott Card. No description available
William Faulkner The Sound and the Fury and as I Lay Dying Essays Articles Reviews by Nicolas Tredell. No description available
Hart's Hope by Orson Scott Card. No description available
"Children of the Mind Ender's Saga 4 by Orson Scott Card. The planet Lusitania is threatened with destruction by Starways Congress. With the help of the computer intelligence Jane, Ender must save the planet and its three species."
Maps in a Mirror The Short Fiction of Orson Scott Card by Orson Scott Card. No description available
How to Write Science Fiction Fantasy by Orson Scott Card. No description available
"What Came Before He Shot Her Inspector Lynley 14 by Elizabeth George. Three abandoned children Ness, who loses herself in drugs, alcohol, and fast boys Toby, who harbors problems nobody is willing to acknowledge and Joel, who forges a pact that sets a terrible crime into motion become the focus of a murder investigation."
With No One as Witness Inspector Lynley 13 by Elizabeth George. No description available
Deception on His Mind Inspector Lynley 9 by Elizabeth George. No description available
Becoming a Woman of Beauty and Strength Esther by Elizabeth George. No description available
In Pursuit of the Proper Sinner Inspector Lynley 10 by Elizabeth George. No description available
A Woman's High Calling Growth and Study Guide by Elizabeth George. No description available
Living with Passion and Purpose Luke Woman After God's Own Heart by Elizabeth George. No description available
Loving God with All Your Mind by Elizabeth George. No description available
Ariel Sharon A Life by Nir Hefez Gadi Bloom Mitch Ginsburg. No description available
Life Management for Busy Woman Growth and Study Guide by Elizabeth George. No description available
A Wife After God's Own Heart Growth and Study Guide by Elizabeth George. No description available
Lover of Unreason Assia Wevill Sylvia Plath's Rival and Ted Hughes' Doomed Love by Yehuda Koren Eilat Negev. No description available
The Journals of Sylvia Plath by Sylvia Plath Karen V. Kukil. No description available
Letters Home by Sylvia Plath. No description available
The Poetry of Sylvia Plath by Claire Brennan. No description available
Black Boy by Richard Wright Edward P. Jones. No description available
Angry Black White Boy by Adam Mansbach. No description available
Bad Boys In Black Tie Watson Brothers 3 by Lori Foster Erin McCarthy Morgan Leigh. No description available
The Twits by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. No description available
Far from the Madding Crowd by Thomas Hardy Suzanne Keen. No description available
Far From the Madding Crowd by Thomas Hardy Rosemarie Morgan Shannon Russell. No description available
Far From the Madding Crowd by Thomas Hardy Suzanne B. Falck Yi Linda M. Shires. No description available
Far from the Madding Crowd by Thomas Hardy. No description available
Middlemarch An Authoritative Text Backgrounds Reviews and Criticism by George Eliot Bert G. Hornback. No description available
Slaughterhouse The Shocking Story of Greed Neglect And Inhumane Treatment Inside the U.S. Meat Industry by Gail A. Eisnitz. No description available
A Dance At The Slaughterhouse Matthew Scudder 9 by Lawrence Block. No description available
Slaughterhouse Blues The Meat and Poultry Industry in North America by Donald D. Stull Michael J. Broadway Eric Schlosser. No description available
Inky The Indigo Fairy Rainbow Magic 6 by Daisy Meadows Georgie Ripper. No description available
"Sunny The Yellow Fairy Rainbow Magic 3 by Daisy Meadows Georgie Ripper. The seven Rainbow Fairies are missing! Rachel and Kirsty search for one in each RAINBOW MAGIC book. Read all seven books to help rescue the fairies and bring the sparkle back to Fairyland!Fairyland is home to seven colorful sisters. Together, they are the Rainbow Fairies! They keep Fairyland dazzling and bright. But when evil Jack Frost sends them far away, the sisters are in big trouble. If they don't return soon, Fairyland is doomed to be gray forever!A trail of sparkly yellow dust lands Rachel and Kirsty in a very sticky situation! Could Sunny the Yellow Fairy be at the bottom of it?"
Sky The Blue Fairy Rainbow Magic 5 by Daisy Meadows Georgie Ripper. The Rainbow Magic Fairies are getting colorful!
Heather The Violet Fairy Rainbow Magic 7 by Daisy Meadows Georgie Ripper. No description available
Ruby the Red Fairy Rainbow Magic 1 by Daisy Meadows Georgie Ripper. No description available
Unweaving the Rainbow Science Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder by Richard Dawkins. No description available
The Rainbow Goblins by Ul De Rico. No description available
The Serpent and the Rainbow by Wade Davis. No description available
The Rainbow by D.H. Lawrence Daphne Merkin. No description available
Standing in the Rainbow Elmwood Springs 2 by Fannie Flagg. No description available
The Scarlet Pimpernel by Emmuska Orczy Margaret Brantley. No description available
Adventures of the Scarlet Pimpernel by Emmuska Orczy. No description available
"Love's Enduring Promise Love Comes Softly 2 by Janette Oke. Book 2 of Love Comes Softly. Their family growing, Clark and Marty look to bind each other together with love and faith. Over 800,000 sold!"
Of Human Bondage by W. Somerset Maugham Benjamin DeMott Maeve Binchy. No description available
Phantoms in the Brain Probing the Mysteries of the Human Mind by V.S. Ramachandran Sandra Blakeslee Oliver Sacks. No description available
Mangoes Curry Leaves Culinary Travels Through the Great Subcontinent by Jeffrey Alford Naomi Duguid. No description available
Curry A Tale of Cooks and Conquerors by Lizzie Collingham. No description available
50 Great Curries of India by Camellia Panjabi. No description available
Curries Without Worries by Sudha Koul Warner Books. No description available
In Search of Duende by Federico Garc a Lorca Norman Thomas di Giovanni. No description available
The Selected Poems of Federico Garc a Lorca by Federico Garc a Lorca. No description available
Lorca Jimenez Selected Poems by Federico Garc a Lorca Juan Ram n Jim nez Robert Bly. No description available
Also sprach Zarathustra Ein Buch f r Alle und Keinen. by Friedrich Nietzsche. No description available
Seminar on Nietzsche's Zarathustra by C.G. Jung James L. Jarrett. No description available
The Polar Express by Chris Van Allsburg. No description available
Trip To The North Pole The Polar Express The Movie by Ellen Weiss Doyle Partners Robert Zemeckis. No description available
Blow Fly Kay Scarpetta 12 by Patricia Cornwell. No description available
The Gift of the Magi and Other Short Stories by O. Henry. No description available
James and the Giant Peach by Roald Dahl Nancy Ekholm Burkert. No description available
Ten Short Stories Book Cd Pack Penguin Student Editions by Roald Dahl. No description available
The Ultramarines Omnibus Ultramarines 1 3 by Graham McNeill. No description available
Star Wars Omnibus X Wing Rogue Squadron Vol. 2 by Michael A. Stackpole Jan Strnad Ryder Windham Jordi Ensign John Nadeau Gary Erskine. No description available
The Soul Drinkers Omnibus Soul Drinkers 1 3 by Ben Counter. No description available
James and the Giant Peach a Play by Richard R. George Roald Dahl. No description available
James The Giant Peach Disney's by Roald Dahl Karey Kirkpatrick Lane Smith. No description available
The Progress of Love by Alice Munro. No description available
A Memoir of Jane Austen and Other Family Recollections by J.E. Austen Leigh Caroline Austen Henry Austen Anna Austen Lefroy Kathryn Sutherland. No description available
The Jane Austen Cookbook by Maggie Black Deirdre Le Faye. No description available
The Complete Novels by Jane Austen Karen Joy Fowler. No description available
The Cambridge Companion to Jane Austen by Edward Copeland Juliet McMaster. No description available
The Man Who Loved Jane Austen The Man Who Loved Jane Austen 1 by Sally Smith O'Rourke. No description available
Jane Austen A Life by Carol Shields. No description available
The Complete Novels of Jane Austen by Jane Austen. No description available
Persuasion by Jane Austen Gillian Beer. No description available
The History of England by Jane Austen Cassandra Austen Deirdre Le Faye A.S. Byatt. No description available
Jane and the Wandering Eye Jane Austen Mysteries 3 by Stephanie Barron. No description available
Dante Poet of the Secular World by Erich Auerbach Ralph Manheim Michael Dirda. No description available
Me Alquilo Para So ar Taller de Gui n 62 by Gabriel Garc a M rquez. No description available
Silent Running by James F. Calvert. No description available
The Story of a Shipwrecked Sailor by Gabriel Garc a M rquez Randolf Hogan. No description available
El Dia Que Nietzsche Llor by Irvin D. Yalom. No description available
Zur Genealogie der Moral by Friedrich Nietzsche. No description available
Nietzche and Philosophy by Gilles Deleuze Michael Hardt. No description available
The Will to Power by Friedrich Nietzsche Walter Kaufmann R.J. Hollingdale. No description available
The Story of Philosophy The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers by Will Durant. No description available
The Oxford Companion to Philosophy by Ted Honderich. No description available
South Park and Philosophy You Know I Learned Something Today by Robert Arp. No description available
Superheroes and Philosophy Truth Justice and the Socratic Way by Tom Morris William Irwin. No description available
The Simpsons and Philosophy The D'oh! of Homer by William Irwin Aeon J. Skoble Mark T. Conard. No description available
Philosophy for Dummies by Tom Morris. No description available
The Philosophy of Andy Warhol From A to B and Back Again by Andy Warhol. No description available
Harry Potter and Philosophy If Aristotle Ran Hogwarts by David Baggett Shawn E. Klein. No description available
Philosophy of Religion An Anthology by Louis P. Pojman. No description available
A History of Philosophy 1 Greece and Rome by Frederick Charles Copleston. No description available
Western Philosophy An Anthology by John Cottingham. No description available
Star Wars and Philosophy More Powerful than You Can Possibly Imagine by Kevin S. Decker Jason T. Eberl William Irwin George Lucas William O. Stephens Walter Ritoku Robinson Richard H. Dees Judith A. Barad Elizabeth F. Cooke Richard Hanley Jerold J. Abrams Robert Arp Jan Erik Jones. No description available
Bullshit and Philosophy by Gary L. Hardcastle George A. Reisch. No description available
The Consolation of Philosophy by Boethius Victor Watts. No description available
Philosophy of Mind Classical and Contemporary Readings by David J. Chalmers. No description available
The Undead and Philosophy Chicken Soup for the Soulless by Richard V. Greene K. Silem Mohammad. No description available
Philosophy in a Time of Terror Dialogues with J rgen Habermas and Jacques Derrida by J rgen Habermas Jacques Derrida Giovanna Borradori. No description available
An Introduction to Political Philosophy by Jonathan Wolff. No description available
A Source Book in Indian Philosophy by Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan Charles Alexander Moore Kapila Nandalal Sinha Kautilya R. Shamasastry Manu Georg B hler Pata jali Rama Prasada N g rjuna Hermann Oldenberg Susumu Yamaguchi Ganganatha Jha Ramanuja George Thibaut Pratap Chandra Ray Edward J. Thomas. No description available
Philosophy The Basics by Nigel Warburton. No description available
A Young Person's Guide To Philosophy by Jeremy Weate Peter Lawman. No description available
Philosophy in the Flesh The Embodied Mind and its Challenge to Western Thought by George Lakoff Mark Johnson. No description available
Practical Philosophy by Immanuel Kant Mary J. Gregor. No description available
Discourse on Method and Meditations on First Philosophy by Ren Descartes Donald A. Cress. No description available
Readings in Classical Chinese Philosophy by Philip J. Ivanhoe Bryan W. Van Norden. No description available
Logic and Philosophy A Modern Introduction by Alan Hausman Paul Tidman. No description available
History of Political Philosophy by Leo Strauss Joseph Cropsey. No description available
What Is Ancient Philosophy? by Pierre Hadot Michael Chase. No description available
Lectures on the History of Philosophy 1 Greek Philosophy to Plato by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel E.S. Haldane Frederick C. Beiser. No description available
Seinfeld and Philosophy by William Irwin. No description available
Introduction to the Philosophies of Research and Criticism in Education and the Social Sciences by James Paul. No description available
Introducing Philosophy by Dave Robinson Chris Garratt Judy Groves. No description available
The Matrix and Philosophy Welcome to the Desert of the Real by William Irwin Gerald J. Erion Barry Smith Carolyn Korsmeyer Jonathan J. Sanford Jason Holt Theodore Schick Jr. Gregory Bassham James Lawler David Mitsuo Nixon. No description available
A Short History of Modern Philosophy Routledge Classics by Roger Scruton. No description available
Ancient Philosophy by Anthony Kenny. No description available
Woody Allen and Philosophy You Mean My Whole Fallacy Is Wrong? by Mark T. Conard Aeon J. Skoble Tom Morris William Irwin. No description available
Three Philosophies of Life Ecclesiastes Life As Vanity Job Life As Suffering Song of Songs Life As Love by Peter Kreeft. No description available
Philosophy of Religion by John Harwood Hick. No description available
Early Greek Philosophy by Jonathan Barnes. No description available
Contemporary Political Philosophy by Will Kymlicka. No description available
Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Philosophy Fear and Trembling in Sunnydale by James B. South William Irwin. No description available
Philosophy The Classics by Nigel Warburton. No description available
The Oxford Handbook of Philosophy of Mathematics and Logic by Stewart Shapiro. No description available
Three Books of Occult Philosophy by Cornelius Agrippa Donald Tyson. No description available
Philosophy Made Simple by Robert Hellenga. No description available
The Philosophy of Biology by David L. Hull Michael Ruse. No description available
Ten Great Works of Philosophy by Robert Paul Wolff Ren Descartes David Hume Immanuel Kant John Stuart Mill William James Plato Aristotle Anselm of Canterbury Thomas Aquinas Various. No description available
Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature by Richard M. Rorty. No description available
The Best American Sports Writing 2003 by Buzz Bissinger Glenn Stout Elizabeth Gilbert Bill Plaschke Gary Smith Michael J. Agovino. No description available
Walking the Bible A Journey by Land Through the Five Books of Moses by Bruce Feiler. No description available
Mac OS X Tiger Edition The Missing Manual by David Pogue. No description available
Astonishing X Men Volume 2 Dangerous by Joss Whedon John Cassaday. No description available
FINAL FANTASY X Official Strategy Guide by Dan Birlew. No description available
Ultimate X Men Vol. 14 Phoenix? by Robert Kirkman Ben Oliver Tom Raney. No description available
Astonishing X Men Volume 1 Gifted by Joss Whedon John Cassaday. No description available
Cross X by Joe Miller. No description available
Astonishing X Men Volume 3 Torn by Joss Whedon John Cassaday. No description available
X 1999 Volume 01 Prelude by CLAMP. No description available
X 1999 Volume 02 Overture by CLAMP Fred Burke. No description available
1 by Hiromu Arakawa. No description available
6 by Hiromu Arakawa. No description available
10 by Hiromu Arakawa. No description available
4 by Hiromu Arakawa. No description available
9 by Hiromu Arakawa. No description available
5 by Hiromu Arakawa. No description available
2 by Hiromu Arakawa. No description available
7 by Hiromu Arakawa. No description available
The Gospel According to Job by Mike Mason. No description available
Avid Editing A Guide for Beginning and Intermediate Users by Sam Kauffmann. No description available
The Complete Poems Poetry Library by D.H. Lawrence. No description available
Complete Short Stories Vol 2 by D.H. Lawrence. No description available
D.H. Lawrence and Italy Twilight in Italy Sea and Sardinia Etruscan Places by D.H. Lawrence. No description available
The Complete Poems by D.H. Lawrence Vivian de Sola Pinto Warren Roberts. No description available
Sons and Lovers by D.H. Lawrence Geoff Dyer. No description available
The Woman Who Rode Away and Other Stories by D.H. Lawrence Christa Jansohn. No description available
Amnesia Moon by Jonathan Lethem. No description available
Paul Revere's Ride by David Hackett Fischer. No description available
The Great Wave Price Revolutions and the Rhythm of History by David Hackett Fischer. No description available
Growing Old in America The Bland Lee Lectures Delivered at Clark University by David Hackett Fischer. No description available
Nathaniel Hawthorne The Scarlet Letter Essays Articles Reviews by Elmer Kennedy Andrews. No description available
The All True Travels and Adventures of Lidie Newton by Jane Smiley. No description available
The Age of Grief by Jane Smiley. No description available
A Year at the Races Reflections on Horses Humans Love Money and Luck by Jane Smiley. No description available
Venetia by Georgette Heyer. No description available
Lady of Quality by Georgette Heyer. No description available
False Colours by Georgette Heyer. No description available
Sylvester by Georgette Heyer Joan Wolf. No description available
The Convenient Marriage by Georgette Heyer. No description available
Sprig Muslin by Georgette Heyer. No description available
The Talisman Ring by Georgette Heyer. No description available
The Nonesuch by Georgette Heyer. No description available
The Foundling by Georgette Heyer Kay Hooper. No description available
Ali and Nino by Kurban Said Jenia Graman. No description available
Ali und Nino by Kurban Said. No description available
"Last Rights Francis Hancock 1 by Barbara Nadel. How deeply can you bury a crime? Critically acclaimed crime writer Barbara Nadel introduces undertaker Francis Hancock in the first of her brilliant World War Two crime series. Last Rights is perfect for fans of Elly Griffiths and Nicola Upson. 'Gripping and unusual detective story... vivid and poignant' Literary Review October 1940. The London borough of West Ham is in the grip of yet another night of bombing, and undertaker Francis Hancock is in the grip of yet another night of temporary insanity. A veteran of World War One, Francis is forced by the nightly air raids to relive the trauma of the trenches, and all he can do is try to outrun the horrific flashbacks. So when he sees a man lurching through the rubble, screaming about being stabbed but with no visible wound, Francis dismisses it at the ravings of another lost soul... until the man's body turns up at his funeral parlour, two days later. Suspecting foul play, Francis feels compelled to discover what really happened that night but he finds himself pitted against violent thugs, an impenetrable network of lies and his own fragile sanity. What readers are saying about Last Rights 'Nadel brings the horrors of the Blitz straight home to the reader in a very readable way that no history book or documentary could come close' 'Tight, disciplined and very interesting novel' 'A good, atmospheric read for those of us who enjoy a good murder'"
Belshazzar's Daughter Inspector Ikmen 1 by Barbara Nadel. No description available
"Deep Waters Cetin Ikmen 4 by Barbara Nadel. With a fascinating and topical background, Deep Waters is the powerful fourth novel from one of crime fiction's outstanding talents, Barbara Nadel. Nadel's writing will appeal to fans of Donna Leon and Michael Dibdin. 'Mixing Ikmen's police work with parapsychology, blood and intuition makes for a read that is as riveting as it is undeniably disturbing' Good Book Guide A man's body, virtually decapitated, is found by the Bosphorus. His identity card names him as Rifat Berisha, an Albanian. The family is impenetrable but when Inspector Cetin Ikmen, whose mother was Albanian, consults his cousin, Samsun, he's left in little doubt that Berisha's death is likely to be the result of a fis, an implacable blood feud between rival Albanian families. Which means the blood already shed will have to be avenged. And if the Berishas or their enemies discover Ikmen is from a noted Albanian clan, some of the spilt blood might be his... What readers are saying about Deep Waters 'A fiendishly plotted thriller, brilliantly written and wholly enthralling' 'Always fascinating, frequently chilling and ultimately unexpectedly moving, this is the work of a mature author at the height of her powers' 'Another brilliant dig into the underbelly of Istanbul life'"
After the Mourning Francis Hancock 2 by Barbara Nadel. No description available
Spiritual Midwifery by Ina May Gaskin. No description available
Monday Night Class by Stephen Gaskin. No description available
Summer of the Dragon by Elizabeth Peters. No description available
Devil May Care by Elizabeth Peters. No description available
"The Deeds of the Disturber Amelia Peabody 5 by Elizabeth Peters. An Egyptologist investigates a death at the British Museum in a charming Victorian mystery by the New York Times bestselling author of The Painted Queen The Denver Post . Back in London after an archaeological dig, adventurous sleuth Amelia Peabody rather like Indiana Jones, Sherlock Holmes and Miss Marple all rolled into one discovers that a night watchman at the museum has perished in the shadow of a mummy case The Washington Post Book World . There are murmurings about an ancient curse, but a skeptical Amelia is determined to find an all too human killer. Soon, she s balancing family demands, including the troubles of her precocious son, Ramses aka Walter , with not just one unsolved crime, but two . . . From a recipient of multiple honors including the Mystery Writers of America s Grand Master Award, this murder mystery set in Victorian era England is a witty, rollicking, and deeply satisfying romp Entertainment Weekly in a jewel of a series The New York Times Book Review ."
The Mammoth Book of Egyptian Whodunnits by Mike Ashley Elizabeth Peters Lynda S. Robinson Lauren Haney. No description available
The Best American Classics by Cook's Illustrated Magazine John Burgoyne. No description available
Cook's Illustrated 2005 Cook's Illustrated Annuals by Cook's Illustrated Magazine. No description available
Cook's Illustrated 2003 Cook's Illustrated Annuals by Cook's Illustrated Magazine. No description available
Cook's Illustrated 1995 Cook's Illustrated Annuals by Cook's Illustrated Magazine. No description available
Zelda's Cut by Philippa Gregory. No description available
"Thanksgiving on Thursday Magic Tree House 27 by Mary Pope Osborne Salvatore Murdocca. Learn the true story of Thanksgiving with the 1 bestselling chapter book series of all time, Magic Tree House! Track the facts with Jack and Annie in this nonfiction companion to Magic Tree House 27 Thanksgiving on Thursday! When Jack and Annie got back from their adventure in Magic Tree House 27 Thanksgiving on Thursday, they had lots of questions. What was it like to sail on the Mayflower? Why did the Pilgrims choose Plymouth? How did they survive in their new home? What did they really eat at the first Thanksgiving? Find out the answers to these questions and more as Jack and Annie track the facts. Filled with up to date information, photos, illustrations, and fun tidbits from Jack and Annie, the Magic Tree House Fact Trackers are the perfect way for kids to find out more about the topics they discovered in their favorite Magic Tree House adventures. And teachers can use Fact Trackers alongside their Magic Tree House fiction companions to meet common core text pairing needs. Did you know that there's a Magic Tree House book for every kid? Magic Tree House Adventures with Jack and Annie, perfect for readers who are just beginning chapter books Merlin Missions More challenging adventures for the experienced reader Super Edition A longer and more dangerous adventure Fact Trackers Nonfiction companions to your favorite Magic Tree House adventures Have more fun with Jack and Annie at MagicTreeHouse.com!"
Rurouni Kenshin Volume 27 by Nobuhiro Watsuki. No description available
"Ranma 1 2 Vol. 27 Ranma US 2nd 27 by Rumiko Takahashi. Home is where the heart is, except when it s invaded by unwanted guests. Ranma s teacher Miss Hinako falls in love with Akane s father and moves into the Tendo Dojo. But when Ranma tries to drive her out, Miss Hinako gives Ranma a run for his money! Later, a Ranma imposter takes up residence in the heart of Nodoka, Ranma s mother. It doesn t take long for the two Ranmas to begin fighting, and not just over their true identities. VIZ Media"
Sukhoi Su 27 Flanker WarbirdTech 42 by Yefim Gordon Peter Davison. No description available
1001 Illuminated Initial Letters 27 Full Color Plates by Owen Jones. No description available
Gold Rage Wilderness 27 by David Robbins David Thompson. No description available
Asfixia by Chuck Palahniuk. No description available
Expectant Father by Melinda Curtis. No description available
Horse Heaven by Jane Smiley. No description available
The Night Remembers Night 1 by Kathleen Eagle. No description available
The Mephisto Club Rizzoli Isles 6 by Tess Gerritsen. I have sinned is written in Latin at the seen of a murder that Boston medical examiner Maura Isles and Detective Jane Rizzoli swiftly link to celebrity psychiatrist Joyce O'Donnell whose a member of the Mephisto Club.
Vanish Rizzoli Isles 5 by Tess Gerritsen. No description available
Call After Midnight Under The Knife by Tess Gerritsen. No description available
The Sinner Rizzoli Isles 3 by Tess Gerritsen. No description available
Body Double Rizzoli Isles 4 by Tess Gerritsen. No description available
Life Support by Tess Gerritsen. No description available
The Family that Couldn't Sleep by D.T. Max. No description available
River Out of Eden A Darwinian View of Life by Richard Dawkins Lalla Ward. No description available
Dragons of Eden Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence by Carl Sagan. No description available
Eden It's an Endless World Volume 1 Eden It's an Endless World 1 by Hiroki Endo. No description available
Demonic Males Apes and the Origins of Human Violence by Richard W. Wrangham Dale Peterson. No description available
A Mad People's History of Madness by Dale Peterson. No description available
A Primate's Memoir A Neuroscientist's Unconventional Life Among the Baboons by Robert M. Sapolsky. No description available
Blame It on the Brain Distinguishing Chemical Imbalances Brain Disorders and Disobedience by Edward T. Welch. No description available
Blame! Vol. 7 by Tsutomu Nihei. No description available
The Berenstain Bears and the Blame Game by Stan Berenstain Jan Berenstain. No description available
Blame! Vol. 8 by Tsutomu Nihei. No description available
The New Don't Blame Mother Mending the Mother Daughter Relationship by Paula J. Caplan. No description available
Blame It on Paris by Laura Florand. No description available
No Wind of Blame Inspector Hemingway 1 by Georgette Heyer. No description available
Uncle John's Presents Blame It on the Weather Amazing Weather Facts by David W. Phillips Michael Parfit Suzanne Chisholm Bathroom Readers' Institute. No description available
"Who's To Blame Sweet Valley High 66 by Francine Pascal Kate William. Jessica would never do anything to hurt Tia or betray Jeremy. But she can't deny it anymore something's happening between her and Tia's boyfriend. And the worst part is, he's not just Tia's boyfriend. He's Jeremy's best friend."
Blame! 1 by Tsutomu Nihei. No description available
Air Gear Vol. 2 Air Gear 2 by Oh! Great. No description available
"Air Gear Vol. 3 Air Gear 3 by Oh! Great. First published in Japan in 2004 by Kodansha Ltd., Tokyo t.p. verso."
"Air Gear Vol. 1 Air Gear 1 by Oh! Great. This supersized omnibus includes Vols. 1 3 of the original release of Air Gear! The Sky s the Limit Ikki Minami looked up to the skies since he was a kid, dreaming of a freedom that defied definition until he caught a glimpse of a mysterious and beautiful Air Trek rider, whose aerial acrobatics ignited his ephemeral dream into a blazing inferno of ambition. Now he is determined to use Air Treks to fly, uninhibited by the laws of gravity, and make his dream a reality. But the world of Air Treks is fraught with danger and deception. Will Ikki fly freely, or will his wings get cut before he can take flight?"
Air Gear Vol. 4 Air Gear 4 by Oh! Great. No description available
Fire in the Minds of Men Origins of the Revolutionary Faith by James H. Billington. No description available
Mutant Message Down Under by Marlo Morgan. No description available
Mutants Masterminds RPG by Steve Kenson Ram n P rez. No description available
Mutants On Genetic Variety and the Human Body by Armand Marie Leroi. No description available
The New Mutants Classic Vol. 1 by Chris Claremont Bob McLeod. No description available
James Dean The Mutant King A Biography by David Dalton. No description available
Yes Your Teen Is Crazy! Loving Your Kid Without Losing Your Mind by Michael J. Bradley. No description available
El Retrato De Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde. No description available
Henry IV Part 1 by William Shakespeare Barbara A. Mowat Paul Werstine. No description available
Henry IV Part 2 by William Shakespeare Barbara A. Mowat Paul Werstine. No description available
Henry IV part II by William Shakespeare. No description available
King Henry IV Part 2 by William Shakespeare Arthur Raleigh Humphreys. No description available
Piccole donne by Louisa May Alcott Jame's Prunier Laura Cangemi. No description available
I Henry IV by William Shakespeare Gordon McMullan. No description available
Collected Plays Henry IV The Man with the Flower in His Mouth Right You Are by Luigi Pirandello Henry Reed. No description available
Henry IV Parts I II by William Shakespeare Ronald K. Levao. No description available
Black Sunday by Thomas Harris. No description available
Hannibal Hannibal Lecter 3 by Thomas Harris. No description available
The Hannibal Lecter Trilogy by Thomas Harris. No description available
Velocity by Dean Koontz. No description available
Hideaway by Dean Koontz. No description available
Lightning by Dean Koontz. No description available
Icebound by David Axton Dean Koontz. No description available
The Servants of Twilight Darkfall Phantoms by Dean Koontz Leigh Nichols. No description available
Shadow Fires by Leigh Nichols Dean Koontz. No description available
The Bad Place by Dean R. Koontz. No description available
"Fear Nothing Moonlight Bay 1 by Dean Koontz. If you re different enough, the night is not your enemy, the darkness is not intimidating, the shadows are not terrifying. You fear nothing. Christopher Snow is different from all the other residents of Moonlight Bay, different from anyone you ve ever met. For Christopher Snow has made his peace with a very rare genetic disorder that leaves him dangerously vulnerable to light. His life is filled with the fascinating rituals of one who must embrace the dark. He knows the night as no one else can its mystery, its beauty, its terrors, and the eerie silken rhythms that seduce one into believing anything even freedom is possible. Until the night Christopher Snow witnesses a series of disturbing incidents that sweep him into a violent mystery only he can solve, a mystery that will force him to rise above all fears and confront the many layered secrets of Moonlight Bay and its strange inhabitants. A place, like all places, that looks a lot different after dark."
The Key to Midnight by Dean Koontz Leigh Nichols. No description available
Mr. Murder by Dean Koontz. No description available
Phantoms by Dean Koontz. No description available
The Face by Dean Koontz. No description available
Shattered by Dean Koontz. No description available
Intensity by Dean Koontz. No description available
The Good Guy by Dean Koontz. No description available
The Eyes of Darkness by Leigh Nichols Dean Koontz. No description available
The Door to December by Richard Paige Dean Koontz. No description available
The Servants of Twilight by Leigh Nichols Dean Koontz. No description available
Darkfall by Dean Koontz. No description available
Ghosts and Grisly Things by Ramsey Campbell Jack Dann Dennis Etchison. No description available
Shakespeare The Biography by Peter Ackroyd. No description available
The Necessary Shakespeare by William Shakespeare. No description available
Shakespeare After All by Marjorie Garber. No description available
Playing Shakespeare An Actor's Guide by John Barton Luann Walther. No description available
John Grisham Value Collection A Time to Kill The Firm The Client by John Grisham Michael Beck Blair Brown D.W. Moffett. No description available
The Pelican Brief by John Grisham. No description available
"The Harry Bosch Novels Volume 1 The Black Echo The Black Ice The Concrete Blonde Harry Bosch 1 3 by Michael Connelly. For the first time in one volume, the three novels that introduced Michael Connelly's great LAPD homicide detective, maverick Hieronymous Harry Bosch. The Black Echo Winner of the Edgar Award for Best First Novel For Harry Bosch hero, loner, nighthawk the body stuffed in a drainpipe off Mulholland Drive isn't just another statistic. This one is personal. Billy Meadows was a fellow Vietnam tunnel rat, fighting the VC and the fear they used to call the Black Echo. Harry let Meadows down once. He won't do it again. The Black Ice The corpse in the hotel room seems to be that of a missing LAPD narcotics officer. Rumors abound that the cop had crossed over selling a new drug called Black Ice. Now Harry's making some dangerous connections, leading from the cop to a string of bloody murders, and from Hollywood Boulevard's drug bazaar to Mexico's dusty back alleys. In this lethal game, Harry is likely to be the next victim. The Concrete Blonde When Harry Bosch shot and killed Norman Church, the police were convinced it marked the end of the hunt for the Dollmaker L.A.'s most bizarre serial killer. But now Church's widow is accusing Harry of killing the wrong man a charge that rings terrifyingly true when a new victim is discovered with the Dollmaker's macabre signature. For the second time, Harry must hunt the murderer down, before he strikes again. Together, these three novels are the perfect way to discover, or rediscover, the sleuth the New York Times Book Review called a wonderful, old fashioned hero who isn't afraid to walk through the flames."
"Echo Park Harry Bosch 12 Harry Bosch Universe 16 by Michael Connelly. In 1993 Marie Gesto disappeared after walking out of a supermarket in Hollywood. Fearing the worst, the case was elevated by LAPD commanders from the Missing Persons squad to the Homicide Division, where Harry Bosch was assigned the case, but the 22 year old woman never turned up dead or alive."
Angels Flight Harry Bosch 6 Harry Bosch Universe 7 by Michael Connelly. No description available
The Harry Bosch Novels Volume 2 The Last Coyote Trunk Music Angels Flight Harry Bosch 4 6 by Michael Connelly. No description available
"The Closers Harry Bosch 11 Harry Bosch Universe 14 by Michael Connelly. In this 1 New York Times bestseller, Detective Harry Bosch joins LA's elite Open Unsolved Unit to help piece together the mysterious death of a teenage girl. He walked away from the job three years ago. But Harry Bosch cannot resist the call to join the elite Open Unsolved Unit. His mission solve murders whose investigations were flawed, stalled, or abandoned to L.A.'s tides of crime. With some people openly rooting for his failure, Harry catches the case of a teenager dragged off to her death on Oat Mountain, and traces the DNA on the murder weapon to a small time criminal. But something bigger and darker beckons, and Harry must battle to fit all the pieces together. Shaking cages and rattling ghosts, he will push the rules to the limit and expose the kind of truth that shatters lives, ends careers, and keeps the dead whispering in the night . . ."
"The Poet Jack McEvoy 1 Harry Bosch Universe 5 by Michael Connelly. A cunning, poet quoting serial killer of unprecedented savagery executes one homicide cop after another in the thrilling mystery by Michael Connelly."
Chasing the Dime by Michael Connelly. No description available
The Black Echo Harry Bosch 1 Harry Bosch Universe 1 by Michael Connelly. No description available
Tales From Shakespeare by Charles Lamb Mary Lamb Arthur Rackham. No description available
Shakespeare's Champion Lily Bard 2 by Charlaine Harris. No description available
Will in the World How Shakespeare Became Shakespeare by Stephen Greenblatt. No description available
Sonnets by William Shakespeare Barbara A. Mowat Paul Werstine. No description available
Shakespeare's Trollop Lily Bard 4 by Charlaine Harris. No description available
Shakespeare's Kitchen Renaissance Recipes for the Contemporary Cook by Francine Segan Tim Turner Patrick O'Connell. No description available
Sonnets by William Shakespeare Stephen Booth. No description available
The Art of Shakespeare's Sonnets by Helen Vendler. No description available
Hide Detective D.D. Warren 2 by Lisa Gardner. No description available
Alone Detective D.D. Warren 1 by Lisa Gardner Anna Fields. No description available
The Third Victim Quincy Rainie 2 by Lisa Gardner. No description available
On Becoming a Novelist by John Gardner Raymond Carver. No description available
The Art of Fiction Notes on Craft for Young Writers by John Gardner. No description available
October Light by John Gardner Tom Bissell. No description available
Excellence by John W. Gardner. No description available
Conversations with Bernard Malamud Literary Conversations by J. Michael Lennon Lawrence M. Lasher. No description available
Essential Tales and Poems by Edgar Allan Poe Benjamin F. Fisher. No description available
Poetry Tales and Selected Essays by Edgar Allan Poe Gary Richard Thompson G.R. Thompson Patrick F. Quinn. No description available
The Complete Stories by Franz Kafka Nahum N. Glatzer John Updike. No description available
The Sons by Franz Kafka Edwin Muir Willa Muir Eithne Wilkins Ernst Kaiser Mark Anderson Arthur S. Wensinger. No description available
The Metamorphosis and Other Stories by Franz Kafka Donna Freed Jason Baker. No description available
The Metamorphosis And Other Stories by Franz Kafka Joachim Neugroschel. No description available
Metamorphosis Star Trek The Next Generation by Jean Lorrah. No description available
Lolita by Richard Corliss. No description available
Lolita The Screenplay by Vladimir Nabokov. No description available
Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov Martin Amis. No description available
Mysteries by Knut Hamsun Sverre Lyngstad. No description available
Hunger by Knut Hamsun George Egerton. No description available
Victoria by Knut Hamsun Oliver Stallybrass. No description available
The Wanderer by Knut Hamsun Oliver Stallybrass Gunnvor Stallybrass. No description available
Pan by Knut Hamsun Sverre Lyngstad. No description available
The Last Joy by Knut Hamsun Sverre Lyngstad. No description available
In Wonderland by Knut Hamsun Sverre Lyngstad. No description available
Guilty as Charged by Scott Turow Sarah Shankman Jay Brandon Jeremiah Healy Ed Gorman John Jakes Maynard F. Thomson Lia Matera Susan Dunlap Bill Pronzini John Lutz Andrew Klavan Marcia Muller Stuart M. Kaminsky Carolyn Wheat Stan Washburn Valerie Frankel. No description available
On the Shoulders of Giants The Great Works of Physics and Astronomy by Stephen Hawking Isaac Newton Nicolaus Copernicus Albert Einstein Johannes Kepler Galileo Galilei. No description available
Visions of Heaven and Hell by Clive Barker. No description available
Books of Blood Volumes One to Three Books of Blood 1 3 by Clive Barker. No description available
"Everville Book of the Art 2 by Clive Barker. On the borderland between this world and the world of Quiddity, the sea of our dreams, sits Everville. For years it has lived in ignorance of the gleaming shore on which it lies. But its ignorance is not bliss."
The Great and Secret Show Book of the Art 1 by Clive Barker. Roman.
Abarat Days of Magic Nights of War by Clive Barker. No description available
Imajica The Reconciliation by Clive Barker. No description available
Sacrament by Clive Barker. No description available
The Inhuman Condition Books of Blood 4 by Clive Barker. No description available
Notebook of a Return to the Native Land by Aim C saire Annette Smith Clayton Eshleman. No description available
The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy Alexander Theroux. No description available
The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy Phillip Mallett. No description available
Blood and Smoke by Stephen King. No description available
LT's Theory of Pets by Stephen King. No description available
Carretera maldita by Richard Bachman Stephen King Joseph M. Apfelb ume. No description available
Silver Bullet by Stephen King Bernie Wrightson. No description available
"Patriot Games Jack Ryan 1 by Tom Clancy. Don't Miss the Original Series Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan Starring John Krasinski! Tom Clancy reveals Jack Ryan s origins in this electrifying 1 New York Times bestselling thriller that pits the former Marine turned family man against a vicious group of international terrorists. As an American in London on vacation with his family, Jack Ryan never imagined his quick thinking would prevent an assassination attempt on Britain s royal family and earn him the gratitude of an entire nation and the scorn of an ultra left wing faction of the IRA. Irish terrorist Sean Miller and his followers in the Ulster Liberation Army intend to make sure Ryan pays for his interference in blood. But he s not the only one they re after... With the lives of his pregnant wife and young daughter in mortal danger, Ryan accepts a role as a CIA analyst in order to find Miller and shut down the ULA. Going head to head with a ruthless terrorist is a fool s errand, but Jack Ryan is the kind of man who will do whatever it takes to protect his family."
Legends by Robert Silverberg Stephen King Robert Jordan Terry Goodkind Anne McCaffrey Orson Scott Card Tad Williams George R.R. Martin Raymond E. Feist Terry Pratchett Ursula K. Le Guin. No description available
Bare Bones Conversations on Terror with Stephen King by Tim Underwood Chuck Miller Stephen King. No description available
Four Past Midnight by Stephen King. No description available
Gerald's Game by Stephen King. No description available
Faithful Two Diehard Boston Red Sox Fans Chronicle the Historic 2004 Season by Stewart O'Nan Stephen King. No description available
El talism n by Stephen King Peter Straub Pilar Giralt Gorina. No description available
Rabia by Richard Bachman Stephen King Hern n Sabat Vargas. No description available
The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer My Life at Rose Red by Joyce Reardon Steven Rimbauer Ridley Pearson. No description available
Now and on Earth by Jim Thompson Stephen King. No description available
The Monkey by Stephen King David Purdham. No description available
Desperation The Regulators Box Set by Stephen King Richard Bachman. No description available
Ojos de fuego by Stephen King Eduardo Goligorsky. No description available
Tevye's Daughters Collected Stories of Sholom Aleichem by Sholom Aleichem Frances Butwin. No description available
Favorite Tales of Sholom Aleichem by Sholom Aleichem Ben Shahn Frances Butwin Julius Butwin. No description available
Brown Girl Brownstones by Paule Marshall Mary Helen Washington Edwidge Danticat. No description available
Gimpel the Fool And Other Stories by Isaac Bashevis Singer Saul Bellow. No description available
At the Mountains of Madness by H.P. Lovecraft China Mi ville S.T. Joshi. No description available
At the Mountains of Madness and Other Novels by H.P. Lovecraft James Turner S.T. Joshi August Derleth. No description available
At the Mountains of Madness and Other Tales of Terror by H.P. Lovecraft. No description available
"Mountain Madness Wilderness 24 by David Robbins David Thompson. Scott Fischer, world class mountain climber, led one of the tragic Mount Everest expeditions documented in the NYT bestseller Into Thin Air. Fischer died during the climb, but little was said about the 40 years of his life that led up to those final dramatic days. Mountain Madness is the first and only biography of this internationally famous mountain climber, written by a close friend, Robert Birkby. Now available in paperback, Mountain Madness is the exciting, touching and largely untold story of one of the world's greatest mountain climbers."
At the Mountains of Madness and Other Novels of Terror by H.P. Lovecraft August Derleth E. Hoffmann Price. No description available
The Aeneid Verse Translation by Virgil Rolfe Humphries. No description available
The Iliad by Homer Andrew Lang. No description available
War and the Iliad by Simone Weil Rachel Bespaloff Mary McCarthy Christopher E.G. Benfey Hermann Broch. No description available
The Iliad by Homer Victor G. Ambrus Nick McCarty. No description available
"Trojan Odyssey Dirk Pitt 17 by Clive Cussler. In his first adventure since the revelation that he s a parent, Dirk Pitt must uncover the truth behind the myth of another long lost father figure, Homer s Odysseus, if he s going to stop a dangerous cult from reshaping the earth in their own image. Fraternal twins, Summer Pitt and Dirk Pitt, Jr., are working to determine the origin of a strange brown tide infesting the ocean off the shore of Nicaragua when two startling things happen Summer discovers an artifact, something strange and beautiful and ancient. And the worst storm in years boils up out of the sky, heading straight for them and a nearby floating luxury resort hotel called Ocean Wanderer. The peril for everybody concerned is incalculable. And now that Dirk Pitt has learned he s a father, he will stop at nothing to protect his two children. He rushes into the chaos, only to find that what s left in the storm s wake makes the furies of nature pale in comparison. For there is an all too human evil at work in that part of the world, and Summer s relic may be the only clue to the man calling the shots. Whoever he is, he s connected to a cult that believes the Celts, also known as the Achaeans, reached the New World millennia before the accepted history suggests. If he s right, his ancestors laid the foundation for the work he will soon complete and our world will be a very different place. Though if Summer's discovery is to be believed, the world is already a very different place..."
The Divine Comedy II Purgatory by Dante Alighieri Dorothy L. Sayers C.W. Scott Giles. No description available
The Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri C.H. Sisson David H. Higgins. No description available
"Paradiso The Divine Comedy 3 by Dante Alighieri Dorothy L. Sayers Barbara Reynolds. Paradiso is the third and final part of Dante's Divine Comedy, following the Inferno and the Purgatorio. It is an allegory telling of Dante's journey through Heaven, guided by Beatrice, who symbolises theology. In the poem, Paradise is depicted as a series of concentric spheres surrounding the Earth, consisting of the Moon, Mercury, Venus, the Sun, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, the Fixed Stars, the Primum Mobile and finally, the Empyrean. It was written in the early 14th century. Allegorically, the poem represents the soul's ascent to God."
Modern Reader's Guide to Dante's the Divine Comedy by Joseph Gallagher. No description available
The Canterbury Tales Fifteen Tales and the General Prologue by Geoffrey Chaucer V.A. Kolve Glending Olson. No description available
Fanning the Flame Bible Cross and Mission by Chris Green Chris Wright Paul Douglas Gardner. No description available
From the Earth to the Moon Extraordinary Voyages 4 by Jules Verne. No description available
The Mammoth Book of New Jules Verne Adventures Return to the Center of the Earth and Other Extraordinary Voyages New Tales by the Heirs of Jules Verne by Mike Ashley Eric Brown Keith Brooke Johan Heliot Kevin J. Anderson Sarah A. Hoyt Justina Robson Adam Roberts Paul Di Filippo Tim Lebbon Molly Brown Tony Ballantyne Stephen Baxter Richard A. Lupoff Sharan Newman Michael Pagel Liz Williams Brian Stableford James Lovegrove Ian Watson Peter Criwther Laurent Genefirt F. Gwynplaine MacIntyre Michael Mallory. No description available
"Journey to the Center of the Earth Extraordinary Voyages 3 by Jules Verne. The intrepid Professor Lindenbrock embarks upon the strangest expedition of the nineteenth century a journey down an extinct Icelandic volcano to the Earth s very core. In his quest to penetrate the planet s primordial secrets, the geologist together with his quaking nephew Axel and their devoted guide, Hans discovers an astonishing subterranean menagerie of prehistoric proportions. Verne s imaginative tale is at once the ultimate science fiction adventure and a reflection on the perfectibility of human understanding and the psychology of the questor. As David Brin notes in his Introduction, though Verne never knew the term science fiction, Journey to the Centre of the Earth is inarguably one of the wellsprings from which it all began."
20 000 Leagues Under The Sea by Pauline Francis Jules Verne. No description available
"The Mysterious Island Extraordinary Voyages 12 by Jules Verne Caleb Carr Jordan Stump. In Jules Verne s classic adventure tale, a hot air balloon is swept off course only to land on a faraway desert island In the midst of the American Civil War, five prisoners hijack a hot air balloon to make their escape. Caught in the winds of a violent storm, the balloon is blown far, far away from its point of departure in Richmond, Virginia. When the craft crash lands, its passengers find themselves castaways on an exotic island. Here they are forced to contend with wild animals, pirates, and an active volcano in a fight for their very survival. Beloved for well over a century, The Mysterious Island is an enduring adventure classic by the masterful Jules Verne. This ebook has been professionally proofread to ensure accuracy and readability on all devices."
The Lighthouse at the End of the World by Jules Verne. No description available
The World of Jules Verne by Gonzague Saint Bris Arthur C. Clarke St phane Heuet Helen Marx Saint Bris Gonzague. No description available
The End of Nana Sahib The Steam House Extraordinary Voyages 20 by Jules Verne Agnes D. Kingston. No description available
Around the World in Eighty Days by Jules Verne Herbert R. Lottman Jacqueline Rogers. No description available
Around the World in Eighty Days by Jules Verne George M. Towle Bruce Sterling. No description available
The Mysterious Island by Jules Verne Jordan Stump Caleb Carr. No description available
"Adrift in the Pacific Two Years Holiday Extraordinary Voyages 32 by Jules Verne. It was the 9th of March, 1860, and eleven o clock at night. The sea and sky were as one, and the eye could pierce but a few fathoms into the gloom. Through the raging sea, over which the waves broke with a livid light, a little ship was driving under almost bare poles. She was a schooner of a hundred tons. Her name was the Sleuth, but you would have sought it in vain on her stern, for an accident of some sort had torn it away. In this latitude, at the beginning of March, the nights are short. The day would dawn about five o clock. But would the dangers that threatened the schooner grow less when the sun illumined the sky? Was not the frail vessel at the mercy of the waves? Undoubtedly and only the calming of the billows and the lulling of the gale could save her from that most awful of shipwrecks foundering in the open sea far from any coast on which the survivors might find safety. In the stern of the schooner were three boys, one about fourteen, the two others about thirteen years of age these, with a young negro some twelve years old, were at the wheel, and with their united strength strove to check the lurches which threatened every instant to throw the vessel broadside on. It was a difficult task, for the wheel seemed as though it would turn in spite of all they could do, and hurl them against the bulwarks. Just before midnight such a wave came thundering against the stern that it was a wonder the rudder was not unshipped. The boys were thrown backwards by the shock, but they recovered themselves almost immediately. Does she still steer? asked one of them. Yes, Gordon, answered Briant, who had coolly resumed his place. Hold on tight, Donagan, he continued, and don t be afraid. There are others besides ourselves to look after. You are not hurt Moko? No, Massa Briant, answered the boy. But we must keep the yacht before the wind, or we shall be pooped. At this moment the door of the companion leading to the saloon was thrown open. Two little heads appeared above the level of the deck, and with them came up the genial face of a dog, who saluted with a loud, Whough! whough! Briant! Briant! shouted one of the youngsters What is the matter?"
Final Payments by Mary Gordon. No description available
Sliver of Truth Ridley Jones 2 by Lisa Unger. No description available
The Mothman Prophecies by John A. Keel. No description available
Intimate Communion Awakening Your Sexual Essence by David Deida Lorrie Bortner. No description available
Letter to a Man in the Fire Does God Exist and Does He Care? by Reynolds Price. No description available
The Promise of Rest by Reynolds Price Mary Bess Engel. No description available
Perfect Match by Jodi Picoult. No description available
Demon Box by Ken Kesey. No description available
Sailor Song by Ken Kesey. No description available
On the Bus The Complete Guide to the Legendary Trip of Ken Kesey and the Merry Pranksters and the Birth of Counterculture by Paul Perry Ken Babbs. No description available
The Further Inquiry by Ken Kesey Ron Bevirt. No description available
Goodnight Moon by Margaret Wise Brown Clement Hurd. No description available
Goodnight Moon 123 A Counting Book Over the Moon by Margaret Wise Brown Clement Hurd. No description available
New Rules Polite Musings from a Timid Observer by Bill Maher. No description available
True Story by Bill Maher. No description available
Does Anybody Have a Problem With That? The Best of Politically Incorrect by Bill Maher. No description available
The Outsiders by S.E. Hinton. No description available
Outsiders Within Writing on Transracial Adoption by Jane Jeong Trenka Julia Chinyere Oparah. No description available
Outsiders Vol. 5 The Good Fight by Judd Winick Matthew Clark Art Thibert Pop Mhan Ron Randall. No description available
Sister Outsider Essays and Speeches by Audre Lorde. No description available
Caramelo by Sandra Cisneros. No description available
The House on Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros. No description available
Selections from Homer s Iliad by Homer Allen Rogers Benner Mark W. Edwards. No description available
The Merchant of Venice by William Shakespeare. No description available
Nancy Drew Girl Detective 1 4 by Carolyn Keene. No description available
Nancy's Mysterious Letter Nancy Drew Mystery Stories 8 by Carolyn Keene Walter Karig. No description available
"The Secret of the Old Clock Nancy Drew Mystery Stories 1 by Carolyn Keene Russell H. Tandy Sara Paretsky. In this, the first book of the series, Nancy Drew is introduced to us, and searches for a missing will. Struggling relatives have no claim, only the evil already rich ones are heirs by the only known will."
The Mystery at the Moss covered Mansion Nancy Drew Mystery Stories 18 by Carolyn Keene Russell H. Tandy Mildred Benson. No description available
"The Mystery of the Brass Bound Trunk Nancy Drew Mystery Stories 17 by Carolyn Keene Mildred Benson. From the moment Nancy Drew boards an ocean liner leaving for New York, she becomes involved in a new and dangerous mystery. A man on the pier gestures to someone on board in sign language. BEWARE OF NANCY DREW AND NE, he signals. Who is NE? Can it be Nelda Detweiler, a young woman who shares a cabin with Nancy, Bess, and George? Mystery and intrigue follow the girls across the ocean but with her usual ingenuity Nancy solves the mystery and defeats her enemies before the ship reaches New York."
The Mantle of the Prophet Religion and Politics in Iran by Roy Mottahedeh. No description available
The Greatest Generation by Tom Brokaw. No description available
Maverick The Success Story Behind the World's Most Unusual Workplace by Ricardo Semler. No description available
Weekend Warriors Sisterhood 1 by Fern Michaels. No description available
The Weekend Novelist by Robert J. Ray Bret Norris. No description available
The Week End Book by Francis Meynell John Julius Norwich Francis Maynell. No description available
North Carolina Weekends by Lynn Setzer. No description available
Far from the Madding Crowd by Thomas Hardy Margaret Drabble. No description available
Selected Poems by Thomas Hardy Robert Mezey. No description available
Selected Poetry by Thomas Hardy Samuel Hynes. No description available
"Underworld Underworld 1 by Greg Cox Danny McBride Len Wiseman Kevin Grevioux. The official novelization of the third installment of the Underworld film series a prequel to the first two films that explores the origins of the centuries old blood feud between the ageless, aristocratic vampires known as Death Dealers and their onetime slaves, the Lycans. The film opens in theaters on January 23. Original."
Underworld The Mysterious Origins of Civilization by Graham Hancock. No description available
The Dream and the Underworld by James Hillman. No description available
Underworld Star Wars The Last of the Jedi 3 by Jude Watson. No description available
Star Wars Underworld The Yavin Vassilika by Mike Kennedy Carlos Meglia. No description available
Underworld Blood Enemy Underworld 2 by Greg Cox Len Wiseman Kevin Grevioux. No description available
Queen of the Underworld by Gail Godwin. No description available
Ve perro Ve! by P.D. Eastman Adolfo P rez Perdomo. No description available
Murder in the Cathedral by T.S. Eliot. No description available
Cathedral Forge and Waterwheel Technology and Invention in the Middle Ages by Frances Gies Joseph Gies. No description available
L' quilibre du monde by Rohinton Mistry Fran oise Adelstain. No description available
In the Kitchen with Rosie Oprah's Favorite Recipes by Rosie Daley Oprah Winfrey. No description available
King Richard II by William Shakespeare Andrew Gurr. No description available
King Richard II by William Shakespeare Charles R. Forker. No description available
Floating in My Mother's Palm by Ursula Hegi John Collier Francine Kass. No description available
Tearing the Silence On Being German in America by Ursula Hegi. No description available
Paint it Black by Janet Fitch. No description available
The Tempest by William Shakespeare Peter Hulme William H. Sherman. No description available
"The Day of the Tempest Dragonlance Dragons of a New Age 2 by Jean Rabe. As the evil dragon overlords lay waste to once fertile lands, temperate islands, and cool forests, and Dark Knights, draconians, and other foul creatures flock to join the armies of darkness, a small band of heroes struggles to protect all humankind from slavery and cruel death. Reprint."
A Tempest by Aim C saire Richard Miller. No description available
A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare Harold F. Brooks. No description available
A Midsummer Night's Dream SparkNotes Literature Guide by SparkNotes William Shakespeare. No description available
A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare R.A. Foakes. No description available
Minuit dans le jardin du bien et du mal by John Berendt. No description available
Les Essais mis en fran ais moderne par Claude Pinganaud by Michel de Montaigne. No description available
Cliffs Notes on Hugo's Les Miserables by Amy L. Marsland. No description available
Les Mis rables by Victor Hugo Norman Denny. No description available
Hamlet in Purgatory by Stephen Greenblatt. No description available
From Hinton to Hamlet Building Bridges between Young Adult Literature and the Classics by Sarah K. Herz Donald R. Gallo. No description available
Hamlet by William Shakespeare Burton Raffel Harold Bloom. No description available
Hamlet Prince of Denmark by William Shakespeare Philip Edwards Robert Hapgood. No description available
Romeo Juliet by William Shakespeare Roma Gill. No description available
Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare Paul D. Moliken. No description available
Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare G. Blakemore Evans Thomas Moisan. No description available
Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare Karin Jacobson Sidney Lamb. No description available
Romeo and Juliet SparkNotes Literature Guide by SparkNotes Brian Phillips William Shakespeare. No description available
Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare Ren Weis. No description available
La Petite Fille du Lac by Christina Schwarz Marie H l ne Sabard. No description available
Clock of the Long Now Time and Responsibility The Ideas Behind the World's Slowest Computer by Stewart Brand. No description available
Jessica's Bad Idea Sweet Valley Twins and Friends 31 by Francine Pascal Jamie Suzanne. No description available
How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie. No description available
How to Win Friends and Influence People for Teen Girls by Donna Dale Carnegie. No description available
Naked Economics Undressing the Dismal Science by Charles Wheelan. No description available
The Naked Warrior Master the Secrets of the Super Strong Using Bodyweight Exercises Only by Pavel Tsatsouline. No description available
The Naked Ape A Zoologist's Study of the Human Animal by Desmond Morris. No description available
There's No Toilet Paper . . . on the Road Less Traveled The Best of Travel Humor and Misadventure by Doug Lansky. No description available
More Than You Know Finding Financial Wisdom in Unconventional Places by Michael J. Mauboussin. No description available
Searching for God Knows What by Donald Miller. No description available
The More Than Complete Hitchhiker's Guide Hitchhiker's Guide 1 4 short story by Douglas Adams. No description available
Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy The Filming of the Douglas Adams classic by Robbie Stamp Paul Simpson. No description available
Different Seasons by Stephen King. No description available
It's Called a Breakup Because It's Broken The Smart Girl's Break Up Buddy by Greg Behrendt Amiira Ruotola Behrendt. No description available
Jennifer Government by Max Barry. No description available
Mama Day by Gloria Naylor. No description available
A Feather on the Breath of God by Sigrid Nunez. No description available
Mitz The Marmoset of Bloomsbury by Sigrid Nunez. No description available
War with the Newts by Karel apek M. Weatherall R. Weatherall Ivan Kl ma. No description available
Parallel Worlds A Journey through Creation Higher Dimensions and the Future of the Cosmos by Michio Kaku. No description available
Key Lime Pie Murder Hannah Swensen 9 by Joanne Fluke. No description available
"Cherry Cheesecake Murder Hannah Swensen 8 by Joanne Fluke. When Main Street in Lake Eden becomes a movie set, a clever killer rewrites the script and bakery owner Hannah Swenson must sift through a cast of suspects before the film wraps with an even deadlier ending."
Peach Cobbler Murder Hannah Swensen 7 by Joanne Fluke. No description available
"Strawberry Shortcake Murder Hannah Swensen 2 by Joanne Fluke. Bakery owner and occasional sleuth Hannah Swenson serves as the head judge for Hartland Flour's annual Dessert Bake Off, but when another judge is murdered, she must sift through a wealth of suspects to find a killer."
"Lemon Meringue Pie Murder Hannah Swensen 4 by Joanne Fluke. The residents of Lake Eden, Minnesota, are planning to paint the town red, white, and blue to celebrate the Fourth of July but the fireworks are already going off at Hannah Swensen s bake shop, The Cookie Jar. . . Lemon Meringue Pie Murder Hannah Swensen thought she d finally discovered the recipe for a perfect life. But her sometime beau Norman Rhodes tosses a surprise ingredient into the mix when he phones to tell her he s just bought a house from local drugstore clerk Rhonda Scharf which he plans to tear down in order to build the dream home he and Hannah designed. It seems the plan has been cooking for quite some time, and Hannah s shocked. Especially since her ring finger is still very much bare. . . The good news is that the soon to be torn down house is full of antiques and Norman has given Hannah and her mother first dibs. They uncover some gorgeous old furniture, a patchwork quilt . . . and Rhonda Scharf s dead body. A little more sleuthing turns up the half eaten remains of a very special dinner for two and one of The Cookie Jar s famous lemon meringue pies. Now it s up to Hannah to turn up the heat and get busy tracking down clues. Starting in her very own kitchen. Includes nine original cookie and dessert recipes for you to try! Tasty . . . Hannah is irresistible as a cookie fresh from the oven. Publishers Weekly"
Fluke Or I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings by Christopher Moore. No description available
Sugar Cookie Murder Hannah Swensen 6 by Joanne Fluke. No description available
"Chocolate Chip Cookie Murder Hannah Swensen 1 by Joanne Fluke. First in the New York Times bestselling mystery series A cleverly plotted cozy full of appealing characters and delicious cookie recipes. Publishers Weekly Take one amateur sleuth. Mix in some eccentric Minnesota locals. Add a generous dollop of crackling suspense, and you've got the recipe for this mystery series featuring Hannah Swensen, the red haired, cookie baking heroine whose gingersnaps are almost as tart as her comments and whose penchant for solving crime is definitely stirring things up. While dodging her mother s attempts to marry her off, Hannah runs The Cookie Jar, Lake Eden s most popular bakery. But after Ron LaSalle, the beloved deliveryman from the Cozy Cow Dairy, is found murdered behind her bakery with Hannah s famous Chocolate Chip Crunchies scattered around him she s determined not to let her cookies get a bad reputation, so she sets out to track down a killer. But if she doesn t watch her back, Hannah s sweet life may get burned to a crisp. Culinary cozies don t get any tastier than this winning series. Library Journal"
Blueberry Muffin Murder Hannah Swensen 3 by Joanne Fluke. No description available
The Wolf Shall Dwell With the Lamb A Spirituality for Leadership in a Multicultural Community by Eric H.F. Law. No description available
Focus The Future of Your Company Depends on It by Al Ries Laura Ries. No description available
Positioning The Battle for Your Mind by Al Ries Jack Trout. No description available
The 22 Immutable Laws of Marketing Violate Them at Your Own Risk by Al Ries Jack Trout. No description available
Horse Sense How to Pull Ahead on the Business Track by Al Ries Jack Trout. No description available
"You Suck A Love Story 2 by Christopher Moore. Waking up after a fantastic night only to discover that his girlfriend is a vampire and has transformed him into one, C. Thomas Flood adapts to his new powers while dealing with a dangerous faction of bloodsuckers trying to kill off all other vampires."
"Bloodsucking Fiends A Love Story 1 by Christopher Moore. Jody never asked to become a vampire. But when she wakes up under an alley Dumpster with a badly burned arm, an aching back, superhuman strength, and a distinctly Nosferatuan thirst, she realizes the decision has been made for her. Making the transition from the nine to five grind to an eternity of nocturnal prowlings is going to take some doing, however, and that's where C. Thomas Flood fits in. A would be Kerouac from Incontinence, Indiana, Tommy to his friends is biding his time night clerking and frozen turkey bowling in a San Francisco Safeway. But all that changes when a beautiful undead redhead walks through the door...and proceeds to rock Tommy's life and afterlife in ways he never thought possible."
Island of the Sequined Love Nun by Christopher Moore. No description available
A Dirty Job Grim Reaper 1 by Christopher Moore. No description available
"Practical Demonkeeping Pine Cove 1 by Christopher Moore. Travis O'Hearn goes to Pine Cove, California to rid himself of the demon that has possessed him for seven years."
"The Lust Lizard of Melancholy Cove Pine Cove 2 by Christopher Moore. The town psychiatrist has decided to switch everybody in Pine Cove, California, from their normal antidepressants to placebos, so naturally well, to be accurate, artificially business is booming at the local blues bar. Trouble is, those lonely slide guitar notes have also attracted a colossal sea beast named Steve with, shall we say, a thing for explosive oil tanker trucks. Suddenly, morose Pine Cove turns libidinous and is hit by a mysterious crime wave, and a beleaguered constable has to fight off his own gonzo appetites to find out what's wrong and what, if anything, to do about it."
Granta 7 by Bill Buford Clive Sinclair Graham Swift Martin Amis Rose Tremain A.N. Wilson Pat Barker Julian Barnes Ursula Bentley William Boyd Buchi Emecheta Alan Judd Maggie Gee Kazuo Ishiguro Adam Mars Jones Ian McEwan Shiva Naipaul Philip Norman Christopher Priest Salman Rushdie Lisa St. Aubin de Ter n. No description available
"Will Eisner's New York Life in the Big City The New York Tetralogy 1 4 by Will Eisner Neil Gaiman. Celebrating the Big Apple, a chronicle of a city building and the people who inhabited it serves as a testament to the greatest human qualities."
Graphic Storytelling and Visual Narrative by Will Eisner. No description available
The Best of the Spirit by Will Eisner Neil Gaiman. No description available
The Plot The Secret Story of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion by Will Eisner Stephen Eric Bronner Umberto Eco Sergei Nilus. No description available
Will Eisner Sketchbook by Will Eisner. No description available
"The Conquering Sword of Conan Conan the Cimmerian 3 by Robert E. Howard Gregory Manchess Patrice Louinet. Fourteen short stories featuring Conan the Barbarian present in the first of three intended volumes several of the sword wielding fantasy hero's most popular adventures, complemented by lavish black and white illustrations as well as a number of the author's original drafts and synopses. 15,000 first printing."
Conan and the Demons of Khitai by Akira Yoshida Pat Lee Paul Lee C.B. Cebulski. No description available
Call of Cthulhu Horror Roleplaying Call of Cthulhu RPG by Sandy Petersen Lynn Willis. No description available
The Call of Cthulhu and Other Weird Stories by H.P. Lovecraft. No description available
The Keeper's Companion 2 Prohibition Firearms Tomes Creatures Call of Cthulhu RPG by Lynn Willis Brian M. Sammons Adam Gauntlett William Dietze Greg Henrikson Charles P. Zaglanis J. Gordon Olmstead Dean M.J. Lempert James Crowder. No description available
Secrets of New York Call of Cthulhu RPG by William Jones. No description available
The Keeper's Companion Vol. 1 Call of Cthulhu RPG by Keith Herber Brian M. Sammons William Dietze Chaosium Inc.. No description available
Secrets of San Francisco A 1920s Sourcebook for the City by the Bay Call of Cthulhu RPG by Cody Goodfellow. No description available
Miskatonic University Dire Secrets Campus Life Call of Cthulhu RPG by Sam Johnson Sandy Antunes. No description available
Shadows of Yog Sothoth Call of Cthulhu RPG by Sandy Petersen. No description available
Song of Cthulhu Tales of the Spheres Beyond Sound by Stephen Mark Rainey H.P. Lovecraft Ramsey Campbell Edward P. Berglund Fred Chappel Caitl n R. Kiernan Thomas F. Montelone E.A. Lustig Brian McNaughton William R. Trotter. No description available
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea Extraordinary Voyages 6 by Jules Verne Anthony Bonner. No description available
One Thousand White Women The Journals of May Dodd One Thousand White Women 1 by Jim Fergus. No description available
The White Man's Burden Why the West's Efforts to Aid the Rest Have Done So Much Ill and So Little Good by William Easterly. No description available
The Elements of Style by William Strunk Jr. E.B. White. No description available
Dracula by Bram Stoker. No description available
"Happy Hour at Casa Dracula Casa Dracula 1 by Marta Acosta. Acosta delivers a hilarious and sexy paranormal novel about a wisecracking, down on her luck writer who becomes romantically involved with a sophisticated vampire. A fun and snappy read for romantic fantasy fans. Booklist."
Frankenstein by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley Susan J. Wolfson. No description available
World War One British Poets Brooke Owen Sassoon Rosenberg and Others by Candace Ward. No description available
World War II A Short History by Michael J. Lyons. No description available
A Short History of World War I by James L. Stokesbury. No description available
Collected Stories Vol. 2 by Richard Matheson Stanley Wiater Jack Finney George Clayton Johnson. No description available
Nightmare At 20 000 Feet by Richard Matheson Stephen King. No description available
Earthbound by Logan Swanson Richard Matheson. No description available
Hell House by Richard Matheson. No description available
Noir Three Novels of Suspense by Richard Matheson. No description available
7 Steps to Midnight by Richard Matheson. No description available
Duel by Richard Matheson Ray Bradbury. No description available
What Dreams May Come by Richard Matheson. No description available
Richard Matheson's Hell House Book 2 by Ian Edginton Simon Fraser. No description available
Bloodlines by Richard Matheson Mark Dawidziak. No description available
The Bridegroom by Ha Jin. No description available
Under the Red Flag by Ha Jin. No description available
Ocean of Words by Ha Jin. No description available
In the Pond by Ha Jin. No description available
That Was Then This Is Now by S.E. Hinton. No description available
Hawkes Harbor by S.E. Hinton. No description available
The Collection The Outsiders Rumble Fish That Was Then This Is Now by S.E. Hinton. No description available
The Work of Work Servitude Slavery and Labor in Medieval England by Allen J. Frantzen Ruth Mazo Karras Madonna J. Hettinger Elizabeth Stevens Girsch John Ruffing George Ovitt Jr. Ross Samson Niall Brady Douglas Moffat David Aers Louise M. Bishop. No description available
Katherine by Anya Seton Philippa Gregory. No description available
The Fourth of July Story by Alice Dalgliesh Marie Nonnast. No description available
Fourth of July Mice! by Bethany Roberts Doug Cushman. No description available
Apple Pie 4th of July by Janet S. Wong Margaret Chodos Irvine. No description available
"4th of July Women's Murder Club 4 by James Patterson Maxine Paetro. Charged with police brutality after a routine arrest goes wrong, Lieutenant Lindsay Boxer waits for her trial in the town of Half Moon Bay, where she discovers a link between a string of murders and a case she worked on years earlier."
Virgin by James Patterson. No description available
Thriller Stories To Keep You Up All Night by James Patterson Ted Bell Raelynn Hillhouse Gregg Hurwitz Alex Kava J.A. Konrath John Lescroart David Liss Eric Van Lustbader Dennis Lynds Gayle Lynds Steve Berry Chris Mooney David Morrell Katherine Neville Michael Palmer Douglas Preston Christopher Reich James Rollins M.J. Rose James Siegel Grant Blackwood Brad Thor M. Diane Vogt F. Paul Wilson Lee Child Lincoln Child David Dun Heather Graham James Grippando Denise Hamilton David Liparulo Christopher Rice. No description available
"Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports Maximum Ride 3 by James Patterson. In Maximum Ride Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports, the time has arrived for Max and her winged Flock to face their ultimate enemy and discover their original purpose to defeat the takeover of Re evolution , a sinister experiment to re engineer a select population into a scientifically superior master race...and to terminate the rest. Max, Fang, Iggy, Nudge, Gasman, and Angel have always worked together to defeat the forces working against them but can they save the world when they are torn apart, living in hiding and captivity, halfway across the globe from one another?"
1st To Die The Women's Murder Club 1 by James Patterson. No description available
How to Write a Damn Good Mystery A Practical Step by Step Guide from Inspiration to Finished Manuscript by James N. Frey. No description available
Mediterranean Winter The Pleasures of History and Landscape in Tunisia Sicily Dalmatia and the Peloponnese by Robert D. Kaplan. No description available
Balkan Ghosts A Journey Through History by Robert D. Kaplan. No description available
Mediterranean Winter The Pleasures of History Landscape in Tunisia Sicily Dalmatia Greece by Robert D. Kaplan. No description available
El librero de Kabul by sne Seierstad. No description available
Der Buchh ndler aus Kabul Eine Familiengeschichte by sne Seierstad. No description available
Does God Know How to Tie Shoes? by Nancy White Carlstrom Lori McElrath Eslick. No description available
The Ties That Bind Life's Most Essential Knots and Ties by Susan Oliver Harry Bates. No description available
The Undomestic Goddess by Sophie Kinsella. No description available
Girls' Night In by Lauren Henderson Chris Manby Sarah Mlynowski Jill A. Davis Stella Duffy Lisa Jewell Marian Keyes Sophie Kinsella Ad le Lang Carole Matthews Anna Maxted Megan McCafferty Alisa Valdes Isabel Wolff Meg Cabot Jessica Adams Louise Bagshawe Emily Barr Jenny Colgan Lynda Curnyn Jennifer Weiner. No description available
Can You Keep a Secret? by Sophie Kinsella. No description available
Crazy For You by Jennifer Crusie. No description available
"Welcome to Temptation Dempseys 1 by Jennifer Crusie. Sophie Dempsey wants to help her sister film a video and then get out of Temptation, Ohio. Mayor Phin Tucker wants to play pool with the police chief and keep things peaceful. But when Sophie and Phin meet, they both get more than they want. Gossip, blackmail, adultery, murder, vehicular abuse of a corpse, and slightly perverse but excellent sex all hell breaks loose in Temptation as Sophie and Phin fall deeper and deeper in trouble... and in love."
Faking It Dempseys 2 by Jennifer Crusie. No description available
Anyone But You by Jennifer Crusie. No description available
Getting Rid of Bradley by Jennifer Crusie. No description available
What The Lady Wants by Jennifer Crusie. No description available
Manhunting by Jennifer Crusie. No description available
The Unfortunate Miss Fortunes by Jennifer Crusie Eileen Dreyer Anne Stuart. No description available
La falsificadora by Jennifer Crusie Marina Mariasch. No description available
Die Naschkatzen by Jennifer Crusie. No description available
Coffee at Luke's An Unauthorized Gilmore Girls Gabfest by Jennifer Crusie Leah Wilson Gregory Stevenson. No description available
Bueno en la Cama by Jennifer Weiner Eduardo Garc a Murillo. No description available
Behaving Like Adults by Anna Maxted. No description available
Over 100 Truly Astonishing Sex Tips by Anna Maxted. No description available
How to Seduce Your Dream Man by Anna Maxted. No description available
Running in Heels by Anna Maxted. No description available
Kopf ber ins Gl ck by Anna Maxted. No description available
Venice Tales of the City by Michelle Lovric. No description available
Caucasia by Danzy Senna. No description available
The Talbot Odyssey by Nelson DeMille. No description available
The Lion's Game John Corey 2 by Nelson DeMille. No description available
Word of Honor by Nelson DeMille. No description available
Plum Island John Corey 1 by Nelson DeMille. No description available
Spencerville by Nelson DeMille. No description available
Up Country by Nelson DeMille. No description available
Wolfsbrut. by Nelson DeMille. No description available
Night Falls Fast Understanding Suicide by Kay Redfield Jamison. No description available
Before Night Falls by Reinaldo Arenas Dolores M. Koch. No description available
"When True Night Falls The Coldfire Trilogy 2 by C.S. Friedman. Blending science fiction and fantasy, the second book of the Coldfire Trilogy continues a dark tale of an alien world where nightmares are made manifest. Two men, absolute enemies, must unite to conquer an evil greater than anything their world has ever known. One is a warrior priest ready to sacrifice anything and everything for the cause of humanity's progress the other, a sorcerer who has survived for countless centuries by a total submission to evil. In their joint quest, both will be irrevocably changed. When True Night Falls is the sequel to C. S. Friedman's acclaimed Black Sun Rising."
Nightfall by Anne Stuart. No description available
When Night Falls by Linda Anderson. No description available
Before Night Falls by Keith Gray. No description available
Where the Broken Heart Still Beats The Story of Cynthia Ann Parker by Carolyn Meyer. No description available
In Cahootz Sequel to Hoodwinked by Quentin Carter. No description available
Earned Value Project Management by Quentin W. Fleming Joel M. Koppelman. No description available
Quintessential Tarantino by Edwin Page. No description available
The Foundations of Modern Political Thought Volume One The Renaissance by Quentin Skinner. No description available
On the Road to Tara by Aljean Harmetz. No description available
Selected Stories by Andre Dubus. No description available
Broken Vessels by Andre Dubus. No description available
In the Bedroom Seven Stories by Andre Dubus Todd Field. No description available
Thirteen Moons by Charles Frazier. No description available
Swimming Upstream Collaborative Approaches to Watershed Management by Paul A. Sabatier Will Focht Mark Lubell Zev Trachtenberg Arnold Vedlitz Marty Matlock. No description available
Story of a Girl by Sara Zarr. No description available
Approaches to Teaching Atwood's the Handmaid's Tale and Other Works Approaches to Teaching World Literature by Sharon Rose Wilson Thomas B. Friedman Shannon Eileen Hengen. No description available
The Namesake by Jhumpa Lahiri. No description available
Becoming a Goddess of Inner Poise Spirituality for the Bridget Jones in All of Us by Donna Freitas. No description available
Full House The Spread of Excellence from Plato to Darwin by Stephen Jay Gould. No description available
Eight Little Piggies Reflections in Natural History by Stephen Jay Gould. No description available
Time's Arrow Time's Cycle Myth and Metaphor in the Discovery of Geological Time by Stephen Jay Gould. No description available
The Hedgehog the Fox the Magister's Pox Mending the Gap Between Science the Humanities by Stephen Jay Gould. No description available
The Panda's Thumb More Reflections in Natural History by Stephen Jay Gould. No description available
Bully for Brontosaurus Reflections in Natural History by Stephen Jay Gould. No description available
Hen's Teeth and Horse's Toes Further Reflections in Natural History by Stephen Jay Gould. No description available
The Richness of Life The Essential Stephen Jay Gould by Stephen Jay Gould Paul McGarr Oliver Sacks Steven Rose. No description available
The Wheel of Life A Memoir of Living and Dying by Elisabeth K bler Ross. No description available
Persuasive Communication by James B. Stiff Paul A. Mongeau. No description available
The Spook's Apprentice The Last Apprentice Wardstone Chronicles 1 by Joseph Delaney. No description available
Spooks The Haunting of America The Private Use of Secret Agents by Jim Hougan. No description available
No More Bull! The Mad Cowboy Targets America's Worst Enemy Our Diet by Howard F. Lyman Glen Merzer Joanna Samorow Merzer Caldwell B. Esselstyn Jr.. No description available
Animal E.R. Extraordinary Stories Hope Healing from 1 World's Leading Veterinary Hospitals by Vicki Constantine Croke Vicki Constantine Croke. No description available
ER Vets Life in an Animal Emergency Room by Donna M. Jackson. No description available
Citizen Girl by Emma McLaughlin Nicola Kraus. No description available
On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection by Charles Darwin Michael T. Ghiselin. No description available
The Origin of Species The Voyage of the Beagle by Charles Darwin Richard Dawkins. No description available
Genetics and the Origin of Species by Theodosius Dobzhansky Niles Eldredge Stephen Jay Gould. No description available
Organized Crime by Michael D. Lyman Gary W. Potter. No description available
Physics of Fully Ionized Gases by Lyman S. Spitzer Jr.. No description available
Criminal Investigation The Art and the Science by Michael D. Lyman. No description available
A Collection of Rudyard Kipling's Just So Stories by Rudyard Kipling Christopher Corr. No description available
Collected Stories by Rudyard Kipling. No description available
Just So Stories by Rudyard Kipling. No description available
If A Father's Advice to His Son by Rudyard Kipling Charles R. Smith Jr.. No description available
Much Ado about Nothing by William Shakespeare Jacky Bratton. No description available
Much Ado about Nothing by William Shakespeare Roma Gill. No description available
The Waste Land by T.S. Eliot Michael North. No description available
The Annotated Waste Land with Eliot's Contemporary Prose by T.S. Eliot Lawrence Rainey. No description available
The Waste Land and Other Writings by T.S. Eliot Mary Karr. No description available
Climb the Family Tree Jesse Bear! by Nancy White Carlstrom Bruce Degen. No description available
What a Scare Jesse Bear by Nancy White Carlstrom Bruce Degen. No description available
Political Philosophy A Beginners' Guide for Students and Politicians by Adam Swift. No description available
Liberals and Communitarians by Stephen Mulhall Adam Swift. No description available
Political Philosophy A Beginner's Guide for Students and Politicians by Adam Swift. No description available
Seven Men and Two Others by Max Beerbohm. No description available
Dakota by Matt Braun. No description available
El Paso by Matt Braun. No description available
The Visual Arts A History by Hugh Honour John Fleming. No description available
The Visual Arts A History Volume 2 by Hugh Honour John Fleming. No description available
The Brooklyn Bridge Wonders of the World by Elizabeth Mann Alan Witschonke. No description available
John Adams by John Patrick Diggins Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.. No description available
The I Ching or Book of Changes by Richard Wilhelm Cary F. Baynes C.G. Jung. No description available
The Complete I Ching The Definitive Translation by Anonymous Alfred Huang. No description available
I Ching The Book of Change by Anonymous John Blofeld. No description available
The Everyday I Ching by Sarah Dening. No description available
Richard Matheson's Hell House Book 1 by Ian Edginton Simon Fraser. No description available
H.G. Wells' The War of the Worlds Graphic Novel by Ian Edginton D'Israeli. No description available
New Complete Guide to Sewing by Reader's Digest Association. No description available
A Reader's Digest Songbook Remembering Yesterday's Hits by William L. Simon. No description available
Complete Guide to the Bible by Reader's Digest Association. No description available
!! 1 by Takashi Hashiguchi. No description available
200 Quilt Blocks To Mix and Match by Davina Thomas. No description available
The Girl in the Glass by Jeffrey Ford. No description available
Peter and the Starcatchers Peter and the Starcatchers 1 by Dave Barry Ridley Pearson Greg Call. No description available
Peter Pan in Scarlet by Geraldine McCaughrean Scott M. Fischer. No description available
It's All Too Much An Easy Plan for Living a Richer Life with Less Stuff by Peter Walsh. No description available
Peter Pan by J.M. Barrie Michael Hague. No description available
The Callahan Chronicals Callahan's 1 3 by Spider Robinson. No description available
The Pinhoe Egg Chrestomanci 6 by Diana Wynne Jones. No description available
The Chronicles of Chrestomanci Vol. 1 Chrestomanci 1 2 by Diana Wynne Jones. No description available
The Time of the Ghost by Diana Wynne Jones. No description available
Whitethorn Woods by Maeve Binchy. No description available
The Builders by Maeve Binchy. No description available
Dublin 4 by Maeve Binchy. No description available
Victoria Line Central Line by Maeve Binchy. No description available
Echoes by Maeve Binchy. No description available
Firefly Summer by Maeve Binchy. No description available
Aches Pains by Maeve Binchy Wendy Shea. No description available
The Glass Lake by Maeve Binchy. No description available
The Copper Beech by Maeve Binchy. No description available
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde Bullseye Chillers by Kate McMullan Paul Van Munching Glenn Dean Kate McCullan Robert Louis Stevenson. No description available
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Harry Potter 1 by J.K. Rowling Mary GrandPr. No description available
Code Word Kangaroo Adam Sharp 6 by George E. Stanley Guy Francis. No description available
Operation Spy School Adam Sharp 4 by George E. Stanley Guy Francis. No description available
"The Empty Envelope A to Z Mysteries 5 by Ron Roy John Steven Gurney. Help Dink, Josh, and Ruth Rose solve mysteries from A to Z! Kids love collecting the entire alphabet and super editions! With over 8 million copies in print, the A to Z Mysteries have been hooking chapter book readers on mysteries and reading for years. Now this classic kid favorite is back with a bright new look! E is for Envelope . . . Who is sending letters to Dink? All week long, Dink has been getting strange mail. The envelopes are addressed to D. Duncan, but the letters inside are for someone named Doris. Plus, one envelope is empty! Could it be a secret code? And can Dink, Josh, and Ruth Rose crack it?"
"The School Skeleton A to Z Mysteries 19 by Ron Roy John Steven Gurney. Help Dink, Josh, and Ruth Rose solve mysteries from A to Z! Kids love collecting the entire alphabet and super editions! With over 8 million copies in print, the A to Z Mysteries have been hooking chapter book readers on mysteries and reading for years. Now this classic kid favorite is back with a bright new look! S is for Skeleton . . . It s a bona fide mystery at Dink s school! Someone has stolen Mr. Bones, the skeleton from the nurse s office. Soon mysterious clues start showing up all over the school. Dink, Josh, and Ruth Rose must follow the clues and put those old bones to rest."
"Moose Master Adam Sharp 5 by George E. Stanley Guy Francis. Timber! It s off with the tuxedo and on with a red jacket when Adam Sharp goes undercover as a Mountie in Canada s north woods. Ecanem, a mysterious logging company, is hogging Canada s lumber business, so the Mounties call on superspy Adam Sharp to get to the bottom of things. Will this wanabee Mountie get his man or, in this case, will he only get a moose?"
La Biblia de los Critales Guia definitiva de los cristales Cuerpo Mente by Judy Hall. No description available
Eva Hesse Drawing by Catherine de Zegher Elisabeth Sussman. No description available
Inferno by Dante Alighieri Anthony M. Esolen. No description available
The Pirates Laffite The Treacherous World of the Corsairs of the Gulf by William C. Davis. No description available
"Wither Wendy Ward 1 by J.G. Passarella. She came to life on Halloween. She cast a wicked spell upon the residents of Windale, Massachusetts. And then she was destroyed...but Elizabeth Wither, the leader of an ill fated coven of witches, still haunts the one human powerful enough to dispel her ancient curse the supernaturally gifted Wendy Ward. Hers was the name on the dying Wither's lips the time will come. And now that Windale's little witch girl is all grown up she, along with her friends Kayla, Abby, and Hannah, must face a demon like none the world's ever known an unseen evil that bides its time. A yellow eyed, seven foot beast whose blind allegiance to Wither fuels its hunger captive to the urge to find its special prey...."
Howl's Moving Castle Film Comic Vol. 1 by Hayao Miyazaki Diana Wynne Jones. No description available
"Howl's Moving Castle Picture Book Howl's Moving Castle Film Comics 1 by Hayao Miyazaki Diana Wynne Jones. Add Howl's Moving Castle to this list of must have movie books. Director Hayao Miyazaki is a master storyteller and his films have all become classics of animation. There's no better way to preserve the magic of Howl and his flying castle than by adding this delightful volume to your home library. Earlier this year, VIZ Media released The Art of Howl's Moving Castle, a hardbound, prestige format book which exists as an essential companion to Hayao Miyazaki's latest animated classic. To further complement the movie going experience, we are now proud to present the Howl's Moving Castle Picture Book, a companion publication wedding scene by scene film footage with character dialogue in one handsome volume. Based on the young adult novel by British author Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle reflects on a wondrous time when science and magic captured the spirit of 19th century Europe. The story of Howl's Moving Castle is the story of a young girl who is magically transformed into a 90 year old woman. Undaunted by this curse, her continuing adventures introduce her to the vainglorious wizard Howl and his curious castlemates. Two years ago, VIZ Media released a similar book inspired by Spirited Away, the movie which garnered an Academy Award for director Hayao Miyazaki. Another picture book for My Neighbor Totoro is planned for later this year. Now, add Howl's Moving Castle to this list of must have movie books. Director Hayao Miyazaki is a master storyteller and his films have all become classics of animation. There's no better way to preserve the magic of Howl and his flying castle than by adding this delightful volume to your home library."
The Theban Plays Antigone King Oidipous Oidipous at Colonus Focus Classical Library by Sophocles Ruby Blondell. No description available
The Complete Greek Tragedies Volume 2 Sophocles by Sophocles David Grene Richmond Lattimore. No description available
Doctor Faustus by Thomas Mann John E. Woods. No description available
Doctor Faustus by Christopher Marlowe David Wootton. No description available
Doctor Faustus by Thomas Mann T.J. Reed H.T. Lowe Porter. No description available
The Makioka Sisters by Jun'ichir Tanizaki Edward G. Seidensticker. No description available
Many Lives Many Masters The True Story of a Prominent Psychiatrist His Young Patient and the Past Life Therapy That Changed Both Their Lives by Brian L. Weiss. No description available
Quicksand by Jun'ichir Tanizaki Howard Hibbett. No description available
Naomi by Jun'ichir Tanizaki Anthony H. Chambers. No description available
Seven Japanese Tales by Jun'ichir Tanizaki Howard Hibbett. No description available
A Cat a Man and Two Women by Jun'ichir Tanizaki Paul McCarthy. No description available
The Reed Cutter Captain Shigemoto's Mother by Jun'ichir Tanizaki Anthony H. Chambers. No description available
In Praise of Shadows by Jun'ichir Tanizaki Edward G. Seidensticker Thomas J. Harper Charles Moore. No description available
Le chat son ma tre et ses deux ma tresses by Jun'ichir Tanizaki. No description available
"Small Gods Discworld 13 by Terry Pratchett. Brutha, a simple man leading a quiet life tending his garden, finds his life irrevocably changed when his god, speaking to him through a tortoise, sends him on a mission of peace."
"Wintersmith Discworld 35 Tiffany Aching 3 by Terry Pratchett. 'Crivens!' Tiffany Aching put one foot wrong, made just one little mistake . . . And now the spirit of winter is in love with her. He gives her roses and icebergs and showers her with snowflakes, which is tough when you're thirteen, but also just a little bit . . . cool. And if Tiffany doesn't work out how to deal with him, there will never be another springtime . . . Crackling with energy and humour, Wintersmith is the third tale in a sequence about Tiffany Aching and the Wee Free Men the Nac Mac Feegles who are determined to help Tiffany, whether she wants it or not. 'An extraordinary achievement'Books for Keeps 'A characteristically entertaining mix'Sunday Times 'One of the best and one of the funniest English authors alive' Independent"
Strata by Terry Pratchett. No description available
The Bromeliad Trilogy Omnibus Truckers Diggers Wings by Terry Pratchett. No description available
"The Color of Magic Discworld 1 Rincewind 1 by Terry Pratchett. On a world supported on four elephants standing on the back of the great A'Tuin, a giant turtle swimming slowly through the interstellar gulf, an eccentric expedition sets out to the edge of the planet."
"The Truth Discworld 25 Industrial Revolution 2 by Terry Pratchett. A war of words and a battle for the truth in Terry Pratchett's bestselling Discworld series The denizens of Ankh Morpork fancy they've seen just about everything. But then comes the Ankh Morpork Times, struggling scribe William de Worde's upper crust newsletter turned Discworld's first paper of record. An ethical journalist, de Worde has a proclivity for investigating stories a nasty habit that soon creates powerful enemies eager to stop his presses. And what better way than to start the Inquirer, a titillating well, what else would it be? tabloid that conveniently interchanges what's real for what sells. But de Worde's got an inside line on the hot story concerning Ankh Morpork's leading patrician, Lord Vetinari. The facts say Vetinari is guilty. But as William de Worde learns, facts don't always tell the whole story. There's that pesky little thing called . . . the truth."
A Hat Full of Sky Discworld 32 Tiffany Aching 2 by Terry Pratchett. No description available
The Last Hero Discworld 27 Rincewind 7 by Terry Pratchett Paul Kidby. No description available
"Wyrd Sisters Discworld 6 Witches 2 by Terry Pratchett. Terry Pratchett takes Shakespeare's Macbeth and then turns it up 'till the knob comes off. It's all there a wicked duke and duchess, the ghost of the murdered king, dim soldiers, strolling players, a land in peril. And who stands between the Kingdom and destruction? Three witches. Granny Weatherwax intolerant, self opinionated, powerful , Nanny Ogg down to earth, vulgar and Magrat Garlick na ve, fond of occult jewellery and bunnies . Stephen Briggs has been involved in amateur dramatics for over 25 years and he assures us that the play can be staged without needing the budget of Industrial Light and Magic. Not only that, but the cast should still be able to be in the pub by 10 o'clock! Oh, and a world of advice omitted from the play text LEARN THE WORDS Havelock, Lord Vetinari"
A Tourist Guide to Lancre by Terry Pratchett Stephen Briggs Paul Kidby. No description available
The Light Fantastic Discworld 2 Rincewind 2 by Terry Pratchett. No description available
Equal Rites Discworld 3 Witches 1 by Terry Pratchett. No description available
Interesting Times The Play by Stephen Briggs Terry Pratchett. No description available
Nanny Ogg's Cookbook by Terry Pratchett Stephen Briggs Tina Hannan Paul Kidby. No description available
Moving Pictures Discworld 10 Industrial Revolution 1 by Terry Pratchett. No description available
Darwin's Watch The Science of Discworld 3 by Terry Pratchett Ian Stewart Jack Cohen. No description available
Reaper Man Discworld 11 Death 2 by Terry Pratchett. No description available
"Only You Can Save Mankind Johnny Maxwell 1 by Terry Pratchett. The inimitable author of the bestselling Discworld series brings to life a reality bending tale of aliens, war, and virtual heroism, as 12 year old Johnny Maxwell discovers that the boundary between war and war games is perilously thin."
The Flying Sorcerers More Comic Tales of Fantasy by Peter Haining Roald Dahl Terry Pratchett Angela Carter Arthur C. Clarke Kurt Vonnegut Jr. C.S. Lewis P.G. Wodehouse Michael Moorcock L. Sprague de Camp Fletcher Pratt Eric Knight Mervyn Peake Piers Anthony John Collier Fredric Brown Nelson S. Bond Thomas M. Disch Robert Bloch Stephen Leacock John Wyndham Stanis aw Lem Cordwainer Smith Robert Sheckley William F. Nolan Harry Harrison. No description available
Where's My Cow? Discworld 34.5 by Terry Pratchett Melvyn Grant. No description available
Lords and Ladies Discworld 14 Witches 4 by Terry Pratchett. No description available
"Guards! Guards! Discworld 8 by Terry Pratchett. 'NOBLE DRAGONS DON'T HAVE FRIENDS. THE NEAREST THEY CAN GET TO THE IDEA IS AN ENEMY WHO IS STILL ALIVE.' The city of Ankh Morpork is in turmoil, its citizens revolting. Again. A shadowy secret brotherhood has summoned a dragon to spread terror throughout the city, intent on overthrowing the Patrician and ruling in his place. Too bad the dragon has ideas of its own ... It's up to Captain Sam Vimes and the ramshackle Night Watch to stop it. Only problem is, the Watch are more used to dealing with mobs than dragons. And if they can't bring down this fire breathing tyrant and reinstate their own, slightly less dangerous one, Ankh Morpork might be lost. For ever... 'This is one of Pratchett's best books. Hilarious and highly recommended' The Time Guards! Guards! is the first book in the City Watch series, but you can read the Discworld novels in any order."
Hogfather Discworld 20 Death 4 by Terry Pratchett. No description available
The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents Discworld 28 by Terry Pratchett. No description available
Rincewind the Wizzard by Terry Pratchett. No description available
Going Postal Discworld 33 by Terry Pratchett. No description available
The Last Hero A Discworld Fable Discworld 27 by Terry Pratchett Paul Kidby. No description available
"Carpe Jugulum Discworld 23 Witches 6 by Terry Pratchett. Mightily Oats has not picked a good time to be priest. He thought he was there for a simple little religious ceremony. Now he s caught up in a war between vampires and witches, and he s not sure there is a right side. There s the witches Agnes, Magrat, Nanny Ogg, and the formidable Granny Weatherwax And the vampires the stakes are high but they re intelligent not easily got rid of with a garlic enema or going to the window and saying I don t know about you, but isn t it a bit stuffy in here? They ve got style and fancy waistcoats. They re out of the casket and want a bite of the future."
Truckers Bromeliad Trilogy 1 by Terry Pratchett. No description available
X Statix Volume 1 Good Omens by Peter Milligan Mike Allred Paul Pope. No description available
Elliott Erwitt Snaps by Murray Sayle Charles Flowers Elliott Erwitt. No description available
If Chins Could Kill Confessions of a B Movie Actor by Bruce Campbell. No description available
Real Ultimate Power The Official Ninja Book by Robert Hamburger. No description available
Team Yankee by Harold Coyle. No description available
At Sword's Point Knights of the Blood 2 by Scott MacMillan Katherine Kurtz. No description available
Treasure of Khan Dirk Pitt 19 by Clive Cussler Dirk Cussler. No description available
The Treasure Principle Unlocking the Secret of Joyful Giving by Randy Alcorn. No description available
Snow Treasure by Marie McSwigan Mary Reardon. No description available
The Damnation Game by Clive Barker. No description available
Texas Hold'em for Dummies by Mark Harlan. No description available
Soldiers of Destruction The SS Death's Head Division 1933 1945 by Charles W. Sydnor Jr.. No description available
Spy Catcher The Candid Autobiography of a Senior Intelligence Officer by Peter Maurice Wright Paul Greengrass. No description available
"Nobody Loves a Centurion SPQR 6 by John Maddox Roberts. Julius Caesar, as we know, arrived in Gaul now France and announced I Came, I Saw, I Conquered, but when Decius Metellus arrives from Rome, not seeking military glory but rather avoiding an enemy currently in power, he finds that although the general came and saw, so far, at least, he has far from conquered. The campaign seems at a standstill. Decius's arrival disappoints the great Caesar as well. He has been waiting for promised reinforcements from Rome, an influx of soldiers to restart his invasion. Instead he is presented with one young man ridiculously decked out in military parade finery and short on military skills, accompanied not by eager troops but by one callow and reluctant slave, the feckless Hermes. It soon develops, however, that Decius's arrival was fortuitous. When Vinius, the army's cruelest centurion so called because he commands a hundred soldiers , is found murdered, Caesar remembers that his new recruit has successfully come up with the culprit in a number of recent crimes. Murder is bad for morale, particularly since it seems quite clear that the murderer was one of Caesar's men. Caesar orders Decius to find the killer and quickly. Although evidence points to the son of one of Decius's clients a youth who was the particular target of the centurion's brutality, Decius racks his brain to find a way to save him from the sentence of death. The investigation leads Decius to two German slaves of the dead man a dwarfish old man and a beautiful woman. They are puzzling the man is arrogant, the woman haughty very unlike slaves. There are unanswered questions. It soon becomes clear to Decius that only by finding and punishing the real murderer will it be possible to quiet the rising dissatisfaction with Caesar's unorthodox method of warfare and forestall a mutiny against the mighty Caesar's authority and aims."
The Centurion's Empire by Sean McMullen. No description available
The Centurions The Centurions 1 by Damion Hunter. No description available
The Heights of Courage A Tank Leader's War on the Golan by Avigdor Kahalani. No description available
Shattered Sword The Untold Story of the Battle of Midway by Jonathan Parshall Anthony Tully. No description available
Shattered Air A True Account of Catastrophe and Courage on Yosemite's Half Dome by Bob Madgic William L. Crary Adrian Esteban. No description available
Shattered Bonds The Color of Child Welfare by Dorothy Roberts. No description available
Shattered Dance by Caitlin Brennan. No description available
The Shattered Land Eberron The Dreaming Dark 2 by Keith Baker. No description available
Koko's Kitten by Francine Patterson Ronald H. Cohn. No description available
13th Directorate by Barry Chubin. No description available
"The Aviators Brotherhood of War 8 by W.E.B. Griffin. It is 1964. The Vietnam War has begun to escalate, its new style of battle demanding new weapons and tactics, and men who can use them. Overnight, it seems, the United States Army must scramble to create its first ever Air Assault Division, a force critical to its chances of success. The obstacles are staggering untrained men, technical mishaps, interservice rivalries. But through sheer courage and dedication, these heroic fighters rise to the challenge. For they are America's bravest facing the ultimate test..."
All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten by Robert Fulghum. No description available
Legends Lies Cherished Myths of World History by Richard Shenkman. No description available
Trevayne by Robert Ludlum. No description available
Trevayne by Jonathan Ryder Robert Ludlum. No description available
Red Phoenix by Larry Bond. No description available
Boomers Xers and Other Strangers Understanding the Generational Differences that Divide Us by Rick Hicks Kathy Hicks. No description available
The Boomer Bible by R.F. Laird. No description available
"A Matter of Trust Justice 0 by Radclyffe. A Matter Of Trust by Rachel Lee released on Jul 23, 2004 is available now for purchase."
A Matter of Trust The Case of the Mesmerizing Boss The Case of the Confirmed Bachelor by Diana Palmer. No description available
A Matter Of Trust by Deb Stover. No description available
A Matter of Trust by Penny Jordan. No description available
Mortal Fear Mississippi 1 by Greg Iles. No description available
Mortal Fear by Robin Cook. No description available
Murder On The Glitter Box Steve Allen Mystery 3 by Steve Allen. No description available
Lonesome Dove by Larry McMurtry. No description available
Comanche Moon by Larry McMurtry. No description available
"Night of the Fox Dougal Munro and Jack Carter 1 by Jack Higgins. The New York Times bestselling author s most tingling thriller since The Eagle Has Landed An agent poses as a Nazi for a mission on the verge of D Day Publishers Weekly . In May of 1944, shipwrecked American Colonel Hugh Kelso washes up on the shore of Nazi occupied Jersey with a valuable secret. As one of the few men with knowledge of the impending invasion of Normandy, Kelso must be rescued at all costs. Enter Harry Martineau, a covert British operative charged with the dangerous mission of impersonating a Nazi officer to infiltrate Jersey and retrieve or silence Colonel Kelso. It is not only their lives that hang in the balance . . . A riveting World War II thriller, Night of the Fox is an exceptional tale from the multimillion selling author of the Liam Devlin and Sean Dillon series, a master of edge of your seat espionage adventure Library Journal . It was adapted into a TV film starring George Peppard, John Mills, and Michael York."
Mitla Pass by Leon Uris. No description available
The Complete Clive Barker's The Great And Secret Show by Chris Ryall Gabriel Rodr guez Clive Barker. No description available
The Great And Secret Show Book of the Art 1 by Clive Barker. Roman.
Star Bright Star Power 8 by Catherine Hapka. No description available
Bright Star's Promise by Karen A. Bale. No description available
Dragon Quest VIII Journey of the Cursed King Official Strategy Guide by Dan Birlew. No description available
"The Dragon Reborn The Wheel of Time 3 by Robert Jordan. The Dragon Reborn the leader long prophesied who will save the world, but in the saving destroy it the savior who will run mad and kill all those dearest to him is on the run from his destiny. Able to touch the One Power, but unable to control it, and with no one to teach him how for no man has done it in three thousand years Rand al'Thor knows only that he must face the Dark One. But how? Winter has stopped the war almost yet men are dying, calling out for the Dragon. But where is he? Perrin Aybara is in pursuit with Moiraine Sedai, her Warder Lan, and the Loial the Ogier. Bedeviled by dreams, Perrin is grappling with another deadly problem how is her to escape the loss of his own humanity. Egwene, Elayne and Nynaeve are approaching Tar Valon, where Mat will be healed if he lives until they arrive. But who will tell the Amyrlin their news that the Black Ajah, long thought only a hideous rumor, is all too real? They cannot know that in Tar Valon far worse awaits... Ahead, for all of them, in the Heart of the Stone, lies the next great test of the Dragon reborn...."
"My Father's Dragon My Father's Dragon 1 by Ruth Stiles Gannett. When Elmer Elevator strikes up a friendship with an alley cat, he learns of a baby dragon that is being forced to serve as a ferry for the selfish animals of Wild Island. Elmer determines at once to free the enslaved dragon, and with a bit of advice from the savvy cat, he sets off to free the dragon."
The Book of the Dragon by Ciruelo Cabral. No description available
"Must Love Dragons Immortally Sexy 2 by Stephanie Rowe. Featuring characters from Date Me, Baby, One More Time, this new, fun, and witty paranormal romance is set in a world where Satan is the world's greatest lover and dragons can find love through online dating. Original."
Player's Handbook II by David Noonan. No description available
Here There Be Dragons Chronicles of the Imaginarium Geographica 1 by James A. Owen. No description available
The Dragon Doesn't Live Here Anymore Living Fully Loving Freely by Alan Cohen. No description available
"Running with the Demon Word Void 1 by Terry Brooks. In Running with the Demon, Terry Brooks does nothing less than revitalize fantasy fiction, inventing the complex and powerful new mythos of the Word and the Void, good versus evil still, but played out in the theater in the round of the real world of our present. On the hottest Fourth of July weekend in decades, two men have come to Hopewell, Illinois, site of a lengthy, bitter steel strike. One is a demon, dark servant of the Void, who will use the anger and frustration of the community to attain a terrible secret goal. The other is John Ross, a Knight of the Word, a man who, while he sleeps, lives in the hell the world will become if he fails to change its course on waking. Ross has been given the ability to see the future. But does he have the power to change it? At stake is the soul of a fourteen year old girl mysteriously linked to both men. And the lives of the people of Hopewell. And the future of the country. This Fourth of July, while friends and families picnic in Sinnissippi Park and fireworks explode in celebration of freedom and independence, the fate of Humanity will be decided . . . A novel that weaves together family drama, fading innocence, cataclysm, and enlightenment, Running with the Demon will forever change the way you think about the fantasy novel. As believable as it is imaginative, as wondrous as it is frightening, it is a rich, exquisitely written tale to be savored long after the last page is turned."
"The Black Unicorn Magic Kingdom of Landover 2 by Terry Brooks. A year had passed since Ben Holiday bought the Magic Kingdom from the wizard Meeks, who had set a series of pitfalls against him. Ben survived, by the aid of three loyal friends Questor Thews, and ill trained wizard Abernathy, a talking dog, the Court Scribe and the lovely Willow, who sometimes had to be a tree. Bu ben had been troubled by dreams of disaster to his former partner, Miles Bennett. Yet when he returned to Earth, Ben found Miles doing splendidly. Unknown to Ben, the dreams had been a trap by Meeks, who had returned to the Magic Kingdom as a tiny insect hidden in Ben's clothing. That first night back in Landover, Ben awoke to see Meeks gloating over him. claiming to have the medallion that could summon the mysterious knight protector, the Paladin, and that he had cast a spell to witch appearances with Ben. Ben found himself outcast, no longer recognized by any friend, though all his powerful enemies seemed to know him. Without the medallion, he couldn't seek the help of the Paladin against Meeks. There was only the prism cat whatever that might be! And where was Willow and the mysterious black unicorn she'd set out to find?"
Der Sohn von Shannara by Terry Brooks Tony Westermayr. No description available
First King of Shannara Shannara Prequel by Terry Brooks. No description available
The Best of Lester Del Rey by Lester del Rey Terry Brooks. No description available
The Phantom Menace Star Wars Novelizations 1 by Terry Brooks George Lucas. No description available
L'ep e de Shannara by Terry Brooks Rosalie Guillaume. No description available
Star Wars. Episode I Die dunkle Bedrohung by Terry Brooks George Lucas Regina Winter. No description available
The Deming Management Method by Mary Walton. No description available
"The Scions of Shannara Heritage of Shannara 1 by Terry Brooks. 50 MILLION TERRY BROOKS COPIES SOLD AROUND THE WORLD THE SHANNARA CHRONICLES IS NOW A MAJOR TV SERIES 'Terry's place is at the head of the fantasy world' Philip Pullman Three hundred years have passed in the Four Lands. The Federation now controls all of the Southland. In the West, the Elves have vanished. In the East, the dwarves are enslaved. Par Ohmsford has retained some of the magical powers of his ancestors, although he does not fully understand the way they work. He is troubled by dreams of Allanon, the Druid whose fate has always seemed linked with that of the Ohmsfords. But when he is told of the Shadowen, the greatest danger ever to threaten the Four Lands, he embarks upon a perilous quest to meet the shade of Allanon and to carry his message to the other Scions of Shannara. Praise for Terry Brooks 'A master of the craft . . . required reading' Brent Weeks 'I can't even begin to count how many of Terry Brooks's books I've read and re read over the years' Patrick Rothfuss, author of The Name of the Wind 'I would not be writing epic fantasy today if not for Shannara' Peter V. Brett, author of The Painted Man 'If you haven't read Terry Brooks, you haven't read fantasy' Christopher Paolini, author of Eragon The Heritage of Shannara series THE SCIONS OF SHANNARA THE DRUID OF SHANNARA THE ELF QUEEN OF SHANNARA THE TALISMANS OF SHANNARA"
The Three Musketeers Classic Starts by Oliver Ho Jamel Akib Alexandre Dumas Arthur Pober. No description available
The One Minute Minute Sales Person by Spencer Johnson. No description available
JLA Vol. 14 Trial by Fire by Joe Kelly Doug Mahnke Tom Nguyen. No description available
Manhunter Vol. 2 Trial by Fire by Marc Andreyko Javier Pina Jesus Saiz Brad Walker. No description available
Trial by Fire Stargate SG 1 1 by Sabine C. Bauer. No description available
Trial By Fire by D.W. Buffa. No description available
Trial by Fire Newpointe 911 4 by Terri Blackstock. No description available
"Sahara Dirk Pitt 11 by Clive Cussler. With the mastery that has made each of his books a major bestseller, Cussler ties together the disappearance of a Confederate ironclad in 1865, a British aviatrix who vanished in 1931, and the 1995 mission of Dirk Pitt to find the remains of a pharaoh's funeral barge buried at the bottom of the Nile. The result is Pitt's most gripping and action packed adventure ever. Maps."
Africa South of the Sahara A Geographical Interpretation Texts In Regional Geography by Robert Stock. No description available
Ellora's Cavemen Dreams of the Oasis Volume II by Sylvia Day B.J. McCall Sahara Kelly Elisa Adams Denise A. Agnew Anna J. Evans. No description available
Ghosts of Gettysburg III Spirits Apparitions and Haunted Places of the Battlefield by Mark Nesbitt. No description available
SeinLanguage by Jerry Seinfeld. No description available
Der Richter und sein Henker by Friedrich D rrenmatt John J. Neumaier William Gillis. No description available
It Doesn't Take a Hero The Autobiography of General H. Norman Schwarzkopf by Norman Schwarzkopf Peter Petre. No description available
Battle Cry of Freedom by James M. McPherson. No description available
The Straight Dope by Cecil Adams. No description available
Return of the Straight Dope by Cecil Adams Ed Zotti Slug Signorino. No description available
Six Easy Pieces Essentials of Physics Explained by Its Most Brilliant Teacher Helix by Richard P. Feynman Robert B. Leighton Matthew L. Sands Paul Davies. No description available
The Feynman Lectures on Physics Vol 2 by Richard P. Feynman Robert B. Leighton Matthew L. Sands. No description available
Sliding Scales Pip Flinx 10 by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
"Star Trek Logs Seven and Eight Star Trek Log 7 8 by Alan Dean Foster. Based on the popular animated Star Trek series, these log books have been an enduring favorite of generations of sf readers. Repackaged in this new, bargain priced omnibus edition, they'll be an even bigger hit with readers and collectors."
Star Trek Logs One and Two Star Trek Log 1 2 by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
Mid Flinx Pip Flinx 7 by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
Alien by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
The Chronicles of Riddick by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
With Friends Like These... by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
"Nor Crystal Tears Humanx Commonwealth 9 by Alan Dean Foster. A first contact novel written from an alien perspective by the 1 New York Times bestselling author of Star Wars The Force Awakens and Star Trek Into Darkness. Ryo is one of the Thranx, a race of social arthropods. From his larval years to now, his life has been normal, though his love of learning and insatiable curiosity set him apart. He has settled into his work as an agriculture specialist and is premated to a lovely female. Yet Ryo still feels something is missing from his life, and when he heroically defends his colony from the Thranx s reptilian nemesis, Ryo gets a taste of excitement that s hard to forget. Then his premate shares a garbled message from her starship captain cousin one that hints at the discovery of a completely new, completely alien space going intelligence. Even when the captain backtracks and denounces the experience as a deep space nightmare, Ryo can t let it go. He becomes obsessed, leaving his colony and family behind to chase rumors of a murderous alien race, horrible beyond imagining. And when he finally makes it to an isolated military outpost rumored to harbor the captured aliens, he comes face to face with . . . humanity. Praise for Alan Dean Foster One of the most consistently inventive and fertile writers of science fiction and fantasy. The Times London Alan Dean Foster is a master of creating alien worlds. SFRevu.com Foster knows how to spin a yarn. Starlog Alan Dean Foster is the modern day Renaissance writer, as his abilities seem to have no genre boundaries. Bookbrowser"
The Hour of the Gate Spellsinger 2 by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
Betcha Can't Read Just One by Alan Dean Foster George Alec Effinger Jack McDevitt Nina Kiriki Hoffman Mike Resnick R.A. Lafferty Tobias Grace Laura Resnick Margaret Ball Ron Goulart Mel Gilden Edward Wellen Wolfgang Jeschke Greg Costikyan Esther M. Friesner Steve Rasnic Tem. No description available
Star Wars The Approaching Storm by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
Chorus Skating Spellsinger 8 by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
"Star Trek Logs Five and Six Star Trek Log 5 6 by Alan Dean Foster. SPACE. THE FINAL FRONTIER . . . These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Celebrate Star Trek's thirtieth anniversary with the original mission logs chronicling some of the crew's most bizarre missions and strangest encounters with alien races across the galaxy . . . where no man has gone before. THE AMBERGRIS ELEMENT Spock and Kirk seemingly meet a watery grave on the planet Argo. But the crew learns that the two have been turned into water breathers by a mysterious race and the consequences could cost them their lives. THE PIRATES OF ORION An epidemic lethal to Vulcans strikes the Enterprise. But an Orion ship steals the cure and disappears into a explosive asteroid belt. If Spock doesn't receive the antidote, he has only three days to live. JIHAD When a priceless religious object the Soul of Skorr is stolen from the Vedala asteroid, Kirk and Spock join the rescue party to help stave off a galaxy wide holy war. ALBATROSS On the planet Draymia, where justice is swift, Dr. McCoy is charged with the wanton slaughter of thousands of innocent civilians nineteen years ago. But before Kirk can save his friend, he must first find out if the hideous charges are true. THE PRACTICAL JOKER To escape Romulan warships, the Enterprise sails into a gaseous energy field. But Kirk soon discovers that this cloud has a mind of its own and a very wicked sense of play. HOW SHARPER THAN A SERPENT'S TOOTH Tracing a mysterious probe, the Enterprise encounters mighty Kukulkan, the ancient winged serpent of Mayan Aztec legend, who challenges them to solve a Sphinx like puzzle . . . or die."
Star Trek Logs 7 10 by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
The Hand of Dinotopia by Alan Dean Foster James Gurney. No description available
Interlopers by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
Alien Nation by Alan Dean Foster. No description available
"Phylogenesis Founding of the Commonwealth 1 by Alan Dean Foster. As the leaders of the humans and the insectlike Thranx work to establish relations with one another, Desvendapur, a bored Thranx poet, runs off to find his muse and meets con man Cheelo Montoya, in an encounter that could change both their worlds."
Rash mon and Seventeen Other Stories by Ry nosuke Akutagawa Jay Rubin Haruki Murakami Yoshihiro Tatsumi. No description available
How to Talk to Anyone 92 Little Tricks for Big Success in Relationships by Leil Lowndes. No description available
There Was a Cold Lady Who Swallowed Some Snow! by Lucille Colandro Jared Lee Skip Hinnant. No description available
The Red Badge of Courage The Veteran by Stephen Crane Shelby Foote. No description available
The Red Badge of Courage and Four Stories by Stephen Crane James Dickey. No description available
The Red Badge of Courage Classic Starts by Oliver Ho Jamel Akib Arthur Pober Stephen Crane. No description available
New Threads in the Pattern The Great Hunt Part 2 Wheel of Time 2 2 by Robert Jordan Charles Keegan. No description available
Lord of Chaos The Wheel of Time 6 by Robert Jordan. No description available
Crossroads of Twilight Wheel of Time 10 by Robert Jordan. No description available
Frankenstein SparkNotes Literature Guide by SparkNotes Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley. No description available
Mary Shelley s Frankenstein by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley Anca Munteanu. No description available
Essential Monster of Frankenstein Vol. 1 by Gary Friedrich Doug Moench John Buscema Mike Ploog Val Mayerick. No description available
Frankenstein by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley. No description available
The Memoirs of Elizabeth Frankenstein by Theodore Roszak. No description available
The Essential Frankenstein by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley Leonard Wolf Christopher H. Bing. No description available
Father of Frankenstein by Christopher Bram. No description available
The Walrus Was Paul The Great Beatle Death Clues by R. Gary Patterson Jay Fox. No description available
Harpo Speaks! by Harpo Marx Rowland Barber. No description available
Groucho Harpo Chico and Sometimes Zeppo A History of the Marx Brothers and a Satire on the Rest of the World by Joe Adamson. No description available
Topsail Island Mayberry by the Sea by Ray McAllister Vicki McAllister. No description available
Take on Me Secret Lives of Daytime Divas 1 by Sarah Mayberry. No description available
"All Over You Secret Lives of Daytime Divas 2 by Sarah Mayberry. When reality is hotter than fantasy Millions of women drool over soap star Mac Harrison. And scriptwriter Grace Wellington is no different the hottie headlines in all her wildest fantasies. She keeps him firmly in his place there, however, because her days have no room for such ego driven men. But when she and Mac are thrown together on a project, fantasy becomes blissful reality! All of her secret, naughty desires come to life under his sizzling ministrations. Will this be one affair to remember and to let go of when it's over?"
The 33 Strategies of War by Robert Greene Joost Elffers. No description available
Jimmy Stewart A Biography by Marc Eliot. No description available
Jimmy Stewart Bomber Pilot by Starr Smith Walter Cronkite. No description available
Jimmy Stewart The Truth Behind the Legend by Michael Munn. No description available
"Dirt Stone Barrington 2 by Stuart Woods. Coming hot on the heels of his bestsellers Choke and Imperfect Strangers, Stuart Woods brings back one of his best loved characters, Stone Barrington, in a fast paced roller coaster ride through the murderous world of high profile celebrity gossip."
La Ley del Exito by Paramahansa Yogananda. No description available
Incident at Exeter by John G. Fuller. No description available
The Body Remembers The Psychophysiology of Trauma and Trauma Treatment by Babette Rothschild. No description available
Remember Redemption 2 by Karen Kingsbury Gary Smalley. No description available
"A Summer to Remember Bedwyn Prequels 2 by Mary Balogh. BONUS This edition contains an excerpt from Mary Balogh's The Secret Mistress. Matchless storyteller Romantic Times Mary Balogh weaves a tantalizing web of wit and seduction in her new novel an irresistible tale of two unlikely lovers and one unforgettable summer. Kit Butler is cool, dangerous, one of London s mostinfamous bachelors marriage is the last thing on his mind. But Kit s family has other plans. Desperate to thwart his father s matchmaking, Kit needs a bride...fast. Enter Miss Lauren Edgeworth. A year after being abandoned at the altar, Lauren has determined that marriage is not for her. When these two fiercely independent souls meet, sparks fly and a deal is hatched. Lauren will masquerade as Kit s intended if he agrees to provide a passionate, adventurous, unforgettable summer. When summer ends, she will break off the engagement, rendering herself unmarriageable and leaving them both free. Everything is going perfectly until Kit does the unthinkable He begins to fall in love. A summer to remember is not enough for him. But how can he convince Lauren to be his...for better, for worse, for the rest of their lives?"
Because I Remember Terror Father I Remember You by Sue William Silverman. No description available
The Last Story Remember Me 3 by Christopher Pike. No description available
A Place Where the Sea Remembers by Sandra Ben tez. No description available
She Who Remembers Kwani 1 by Linda Lay Shuler. No description available
What the Body Remembers by Shauna Singh Baldwin. No description available
Long Gone Lonesome Blues The Texas Brands 4 by Maggie Shayne. No description available
"Remember When Foster Saga 1 by Judith McNaught. Discover the sensual and sweeping power of love in New York Times bestselling author Judith McNaught s contemporary romances that will make you laugh, cry, and fall in love again RT Book Reviews . When multinational tycoon Cole Harrison approaches her on a moonlit balcony at the White Orchid Charity Ball, Diana Foster has no idea how life changing the night ahead will be. The most lavish social event of the Houston season had brought out Texas aristocracy in glittering array but Diana only agreed to attend to save face after reading about her fianc leaving her for an Italian heiress in a sleazy gossip magazine. Her Beautiful Living magazine is her family s success story, and Diana knows that as a single, childless, and suddenly unengaged woman, she is not living up to its lucrative image of upscale domestic tranquility. But when she spots the pride of Dallas billionaires, Cole Harrison, closing in on her with two crystal flutes and a bottle of champagne, she has no idea that he has ulterior motives for seducing her tonight. And he certainly has no idea that a match made in what he considers logic s heaven might be headed straight for an unexpected, once in a lifetime love. Judith McNaught once again works her unique magic in this charming, sparkling romance RT Book Reviews, 4 stars ."
A Kiss to Remember Once Upon a Time 3 by Teresa Medeiros. No description available
Star Wars The Complete Visual Dictionary by James Luceno David West Reynolds Ryder Windham. No description available
Star Wars The Ultimate Visual Guide by Daniel Wallace Ryder Windham. No description available
Star Wars Complete Locations by James Luceno Kerrie Dougherty Simon Beecroft Kristin Lund Hans Jenssen Richard Chasemore. No description available
Lego Star Wars Prima Official Game Guide by Michael Littlefield. No description available
Star Wars The New Essential Guide to Alien Species by Ann Margaret Lewis Helen Keier Chris Trevas William O'Connor. No description available
Star Wars The New Essential Chronology by Daniel Wallace Mark Chiarello Tommy Lee Edwards John Van Fleet. No description available
The Swarm War Star Wars Dark Nest 3 by Troy Denning. No description available
Star Wars Empire Volume 7 The Wrong Side of the War by Welles Hartley Davide Fabbri Christian Dalla Vecchia. No description available
Allegiance Star Wars by Timothy Zahn. No description available
Creating the Worlds of Star Wars 365 Days by John Knoll J.W. Rinzler. No description available
Star Wars Clone Wars Volume 1 The Defense of Kamino and Other Tales by John Ostrander W. Haden Blackman. No description available
"The Making of Star Wars Star Wars The Making of 1 by J.W. Rinzler Peter Jackson. Originally published for the 30th anniversary of the original Star Wars movie, this is a must have book for all 'Star Wars' fans and movie lovers. Lavishly illustrated with hundreds of images spanning the creation of the film, it also includes previously unpublished interviews and stories."
Star Wars The New Essential Guide to Weapons Technology by W. Haden Blackman. No description available
The Star Wars Cookbook II Darth Malt and More Galactic Recipes by Wesley Martin Frankie Frankeny. No description available
You Can Draw Star Wars by Bonnie Burton Matt Busch Tom Hodges. No description available
Star Wars Empire Volume 6 In the Shadows of Their Fathers by Thomas Andrews Scott Allie. No description available
Star Wars The New Essential Guide to Vehicles Vessels by W. Haden Blackman Ian Fullwood. No description available
"Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic Vol. 1 Commencement Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic 1 by John Jackson Miller Travis Charest Michael Atiyeh Brian Ching Travel Foreman. Thousands of years before Luke Skywalker would destroy the Death Star in that fateful battle above Yavin 4, one lone Padawan would become a fugitive hunted by his own Masters, charged with murdering every one of his fellow Jedi in training! From criminals hiding out in the treacherous undercity of the planet Taris, to a burly, mysterious droid recovered from the desolate landscape of a cratered moon, Padawan Zayne Carrick will find unexpected allies in his desperate race to clear his name before the unmerciful authorities enact swift retribution upon him! Collects Knights of the Old Republic 0 6. Set during the era of the smash hit video games, Knights of the Old Republic features all new characters in an action packed adventure essential to any serious Star Wars devotee and the perfect introduction for anyone interested in exploring the universe beyond the movies!"
The Star Wars Poster Book by Stephen J. Sansweet Peter Vilmur. No description available
Star Wars Clone Wars Volume 9 Endgame by John Ostrander Welles Hartley Jan Duursema. No description available
Wookiee Cookies A Star Wars Cookbook by Robin Davis Frankie Frankeny. No description available
Star Wars The New Essential Guide to Characters by Daniel Wallace Michael Sutfin. No description available
The Star Wars Trilogy by George Lucas Donald F. Glut James Kahn. No description available
Star Wars Tales Vol. 1 by Dave Land Peter David Dave Cooper Dan Jolley Doug Wheatley Tom Fowler Kilian Plunkett Sean Phillips Ryder Windham John Ostrander Jan Duursema Timothy Zahn Darko Macan Rich Handley Igor Kordey Ron Marz Rich Hedden Rick Leonardi Claudio Castellini Martin Egeland Lovern Kindzierski Chris Brunner Peet Janes Jim Woodring. No description available
Complete Star Wars Trilogy Scrapbook Re issue by David Levithan Ryder Windham Marc Cotta Vaz. No description available
Star Wars Clone Wars Volume 6 On the Fields of Battle by John Ostrander Jan Duursema. No description available
Star Wars Clone Wars Volume 8 The Last Siege the Final Truth by John Ostrander Jan Duursema Dan Parsons. No description available
Star by Star Star Wars The New Jedi Order 9 by Troy Denning. No description available
Star Wars Episode III Revenge of the Sith The Visual Dictionary by James Luceno John Goodson Robert E. Barnes. No description available
The Wildlife of Star Wars by Terryl Whitlatch Bob Carrau. No description available
The Dharma of Star Wars by Matthew Bortolin. No description available
Star Wars Rebellion Vol. 1 My Brother My Enemy by Rob Williams Michel Lacombe. No description available
Star Wars Empire Volume 1 Betrayal by Scott Allie Ryan Benjamin Curtis Arnold. No description available
"Revenge of the Sith Star Wars Novelizations 3 by Matthew Woodring Stover George Lucas. Based on the screenplay of the movie, Star Wars Episode III, the novel brings the epic full circle, revealing at last just how the young Jedi, Anakin Skywalker, became the most evil villain in the galaxy, Darth Vader, and father to Luke and Leia. When the novel opens, the Clone Wars are still in full cry, and numerous Jedi have already been lost. Anakin is struggling with his dual life Jedi Knight and husband in secret to Padme Amidala. The time is drawing near for the machiavellian Darth Sidious the Sith Lord determined to wrest control of the galaxy from the Republic to draw tight the noose he has been creating around Anakin Skywalker...and create a new Sith Lord with unmatched dark side Force powers... Possibly the most anticipated Star Wars movie of all time, Star Wars Episode III at last tells the tale of how the young Jedi Anakin Skywalker became Darth Vader, the most feared villain in the galaxy. The novel will go behind the scenes into the characters' thoughts as well as expand on scenes seen in the movie."
Star Wars Revenge of the Sith Incredible Cross Sections by Curtis Saxton Hans Jenssen Richard Chasemore. No description available
Star Wars Clone Wars Adventures Volume 6 by W. Haden Blackman Matt Fillbach Shawn Fillbach Ronda Pattison Mike Kennedy Stewart McKenney Rick Lacy Dan Jackson Michael David Thomas Joshua Elliott. No description available
Star Wars Empire Volume 5 Allies and Adversaries by Ron Marz Jeremy Barlow Brandon Badeaux. No description available
Yoda Dark Rendezvous by Sean Stewart. No description available
Not a Genuine Black Man Or How I Claimed My Piece of Ground in the Lily White Suburbs by Brian Copeland. No description available
Black Man of the Nile and His Family by Yosef A.A. Ben Jochannan. No description available
Black Elk Speaks Being the Life Story of a Holy Man of the Oglala Sioux by Black Elk John G. Neihardt. No description available
"Ring of Fire Ring of Fire Anthology 1 by Eric Flint David Weber Mercedes Lackey Dave Freer Andrew Dennis Virginia DeMarce Loren K. Jones S.L. Viehl Anette M. Pedersen Jonathan Cresswell Scott Washburn Deann Allen Mike Turner Greg Donahue Walt Boyes Jody Dorsett K.D. Wentworth. Let's do the Time Warp again! Another anthology of rollicking, thought provoking collection of tales by a star studded array of top writers such as bestseller Mercedes Lackey and Eric Flint himself all set in Eric Flint's phenomenal Ring of Fire series. After a cosmic accident sets the modern day West Virginia town of Grantville down in war torn seventeenth century Europe, these everyday, resourceful Americans must adapt or be trod into the dust of the past. Rock on, Renaissance! A cosmic accident sets the modern West Virginia town of Grantville down in war torn seventeenth century Europe. It will take all the gumption of the resourceful, freedom loving up timers to find a way to flourish in mad and bloody end of medieval times. Are they up for it? You bet they are. The third rollicking and idea packed collection of Grantville tales edited by Eric Flint, and inspired by his now legendary 1632. At the publisher's request, this title is sold without DRM Digital Rights Management ."
"1635 The Cannon Law Assiti Shards 8 by Eric Flint Andrew Dennis. The Dark Ages Strike Back! After a cosmic accident sets the modern West Virginia town of Grantsville down in war torn seventeenth century Europe, the United States of Europe is forged in the fire of battle. Now Spain makes its countermove on the Enlightenment brought by the West Virginians, as Cardinal Gaspare de Borja y de Velasco sets into motion a plot to establish Spanish hegemony over the city states of Italy and to disgrace and assassinate a pope who has been friendly to the new ideas. But there are those up timers and locals alike who are determined that the fire of sweet reason so recently lit will never again be extinguished. To do so they must summon all the willpower and political craft they can muster. For they face the Heart of Medieval Darkness Itself, an implacable foe determined to use force of imperial arms and treasonous deceit to retain its grip on power and to be sure that life for all but the wealthy and connected remains nasty, brutish, and very short. None of which is a surprise. You see, it's 1635. Everyone expects the Spanish Inquisition! Alternate history master Eric Flint teams again with Andrew Dennis 1634 The Galileo Affair in a return to war torn Italy for the latest idea laced thriller in Flint's massive Assiti Shards saga! At the publisher's request, this title is sold without DRM Digital Rights Management ."
"Five Rings of Fire Able Team 11 by Tom Arnett Dick Stivers Don Pendleton. A towering epic of fantasy, The Pearl, is launched in The Ring of Five Dragons. Filled with action, color, and the myriad details of another world, The Pearl is the first great fantasy series of the new millennium, set to rival Robert Jordan, David Eddings, George R. R. Martin, Terry Brooks, and Terry Goodkind in popular appeal. This astonishing first volume opens as the Kundalan people have suffered for a century under the viciously oppressive, technologically superior V'ornn invaders. In the resulting crisis of faith why hasn't their goddess Miina saved them? Kundalan religion has fallen under the control of evil forces from within who forbid the teaching of traditional sorcery, pretending to have no magic of their own. The V'ornn's mysterious leaders, the Gyrgon, know better, and search for the lost Ring of Five Dragons, the key to the door of the fabled Kundalan Storehouse, and perhaps to Kundalan sorcery as well. But misused, the Ring is the trigger of seemingly inexorable annihilation for V'ornn and Kundalan alike. Now from among the oppressed must arise the hero of prophecy, the Dar Sala at, who alone can wield the sorcerous power to save the world. Thus begins a huge epic rooted in the conflict between spiritual and technological cultures. The twisting plot raises difficult and provocative moral questions in the course of a constantly surprising, sometimes shocking, fantastic adventure that will transport fantasy readers to new heights of enthusiasm, and make them ask for more. At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
Cash by Johnny Cash Patrick Carr. No description available
Johnny Cash by Michael Streissguth. No description available
Controversy Creates Cash by Eric Bischoff Jeremy Roberts. No description available
Side Effects by Amy Goldman Koss. No description available
Myths of Light Eastern Metaphors of the Eternal Collected Work by Joseph Campbell David Kudler. No description available
The Inner Reaches of Outer Space Metaphor as Myth and as Religion Collected Worksl by Joseph Campbell. No description available
The Power of Myth by Joseph Campbell Bill Moyers. No description available
The Beatles The Biography by Bob Spitz. No description available
Here There and Everywhere My Life Recording the Music of the Beatles by Geoff Emerick Howard Massey Elvis Costello. No description available
The Beatles 365 Days by Simon Wells. No description available
A Hard Day's Write The Stories Behind Every Beatles Song by Steve Turner. No description available
Shout! The Beatles in Their Generation by Philip Norman. No description available
The Beatles Illustrated Lyrics by Alan Aldridge The Beatles. No description available
The Beatles' Story on Capitol Records Part Two The Albums by Bruce Spizer. No description available
The Rough Guide to The Beatles by Chris Ingham. No description available
The Beatles Complete Updated Edition by The Beatles. No description available
The Love You Make An Insider's Story of the Beatles by Peter Brown Steven Gaines Anthony DeCurtis. No description available
Magic Circles The Beatles in Dream and History by Devin McKinney. No description available
A Day in the Life The Music and Artistry of the Beatles by Mark Hertsgaard. No description available
Complete Beatles Chronicle The by Mark Lewisohn Peter Guzzardi. No description available
The Beatles Diary Vol 1 From Liverpool to London Falk Symposium by Keith Badman Keith Badman. No description available
Two of Us The Story of a Father a Son and the Beatles by Peter J. Smith. No description available
The Beatles by Hunter Davies. No description available
Complete Idiot's Guide to The Beatles by Richard Buskin Allan Kozinn. No description available
Beatles Every Little Thing by Maxwell Mackenzie. No description available
Margot Fonteyn by Meredith Daneman. No description available
A General Theory of Love by Thomas Lewis Fari Amini Richard Lannon. No description available
Mad Cowboy Plain Truth from the Cattle Rancher Who Won't Eat Meat by Howard F. Lyman Glen Merzer. No description available
The Life You Were Born to Live by Dan Millman. No description available
"Lover Eternal Black Dagger Brotherhood 2 by J.R. Ward. 1 New York Times bestselling author J. R. Ward s instantly addictive novels of the Black Dagger Brotherhood continue as an ally of the Brotherhood must face his own dark desires.... Butch O Neal is a fighter by nature. A hard living ex homicide cop, he s the only human ever to be allowed in the inner circle of the Black Dagger Brotherhood. And he wants to go even deeper into the vampire world. He s got nothing to lose. His heart belongs to a female vampire, an aristocratic beauty who s way out of his league. If he can t have Marissa, then at least he can fight side by side with the Brothers. Fate curses him with the very thing he wants. When Butch sacrifices himself to save a civilian vampire from the slayers, he falls prey to the darkest force in the war. Left for dead, he s found by a miracle, and the Brotherhood calls on Marissa to bring him back. But even her love may not be enough to save him. Lynn Viehl"
The Silmarillion Volume 3 by J.R.R. Tolkien Martin Shaw. No description available
Sodom and Gomorrah In Search of Lost Time 4 by Marcel Proust C.K. Scott Moncrieff Terence Kilmartin D.J. Enright. No description available
Swanns Way In Search of Lost Time 1 by Marcel Proust. No description available
Missing Persons and Mistaken Identities Women and Gender in Ancient Israel by Phyllis A. Bird. No description available
Mistaken Identity by Nayantara Sahgal. No description available
The Skeptic's Dictionary A Collection of Strange Beliefs Amusing Deceptions and Dangerous Delusions by Robert Todd Carroll. No description available
The Bush Dyslexicon Observations on a National Disorder by Mark Crispin Miller. No description available
Extraordinary Popular Delusions the Madness of Crowds Great Minds by Charles Mackay. No description available
Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds Confusi n de Confusiones Marketplace Book by Martin S. Fridson Charles Mackay Joseph de La Vega. No description available
The Crowd Extraordinary Popular Delusions the Madness of Crowds by Gustave Le Bon Charles Mackay. No description available
"The Capture Guardians of Ga'Hoole 1 by Kathryn Lasky. A classic hero mythology about the fight between good and evil, Guardians of Ga'Hoole is filled with adventure, suspense, and heart. Soren is born in the forest of Tyto, a tranquil kingdom where the Barn Owls dwell. But evil lurks in the owl world, evil that threatens to shatter Tyto's peace and change the course of Soren's life forever.Soren is captured and taken to a dark and forbidding canyon. It's called an orphanage, but Soren believes it's something far worse. He and his friend Gylfie know that the only way out is up. To escape, they will need to do something they have never done before fly.And so begins a magical journey. Along the way, Soren and Gylfie meet Twilight and Digger. The four owls band together to seek the truth and protect the owl world from unimaginable danger."
The Journey Guardians of Ga'Hoole 2 by Kathryn Lasky. No description available
The Rescue Guardians of Ga'Hoole 3 by Kathryn Lasky. No description available
The Night Journey by Kathryn Lasky. No description available
The Collected Stories of Arthur C. Clarke by Arthur C. Clarke. No description available
"Sunstorm A Time Odyssey 2 by Arthur C. Clarke Stephen Baxter. Clarke and Baxter have mastered the art of saving the world in blockbuster style. Entertainment Weekly Returned to the Earth of 2037 by the mysterious and powerful Firstborn, Bisesa Dutt is haunted by memories of her five years spent on the strange alternate Earth called Mir, a jigsaw puzzle world made up of lands and people cut out of different eras of Earth s history. Why did the Firstborn create Mir? Why was Bisesa taken there and then brought back just a day after her disappearance? Bisesa s questions are answered when scientists discover an unnatural anomaly in the sun s core evidence of alien intervention more than two thousand years ago. Now plans set in motion by inscrutable observers light years away are coming to fruition in a sunstorm designed to eradicate all life on Earth in a bombardment of radiation. As the apocalypse looms, religious and political differences on Earth threaten to undermine every countereffort. And all the while, the Firstborn are watching. . . . Praise for Sunstorm An absolute must for science fiction fans. All Things Considered, NPR Enthralling . . . highly satisfying. The New York Times Book Review Will keep readers turning pages. Publishers Weekly"
Lair of the White Worm by Bram Stoker. No description available
Best Ghost and Horror Stories by Bram Stoker Richard Dalby. No description available
The Blonde on the Street Corner by David Goodis. No description available
Of Tender Sin by David Goodis Adrian Wootton. No description available
The Moon in the Gutter by David Goodis Adrian Wootton. No description available
Dear Peter Rabbit by Alma Flor Ada Leslie Tryon. No description available
The Chocolate Covered Contest Nancy Drew 151 by Carolyn Keene. Nancy and her friends investigate mysterious events taking place in an amusement park.
Ghost Stories Nancy Drew by Carolyn Keene. No description available
The Humor of the American Cowboy by Stan Hoig Nick Eggenhofer. No description available
Ghost in the Shell Ghost in the Shell 1 by Masamune Shirow. No description available
Ghost in the Shell by Masamune Shirow. No description available
Ghost in the Shell 2 Innocence After The Long Goodbye by Masaki Yamada Yuji Oniki Carl Gustav Horn Daigo Shinma Keita Saeki Mamoru Oshii Shinji Maki. No description available
"At the Edge Psychic Triplet Trilogy 1 by Cait London. Claire, Tempest, and Leona triplets blessed or cursed each with a special extra sense that they would deny, given the chance . . . Claire, the youngest, finds solitude and escape in rural Montana. The descendant of an ancient Celtic seer, she struggles to conceal her unsettling power to sense what others feel the good and the evil, the pain and the joy. When her peace is shattered by her new neighbor, Neil Olafson, Claire's shielded emotions start simmering. He's the opposite of everything she's ever wanted, a man who ignites her latent sensuality. And while her eerie powers have frightened others away, Neil isn't running. And when Claire comes face to face with danger, he becomes her protector as well as her lover. Now, Claire and Neil must confront the past and save the life of a young innocent. But there is a killer lurking in the background who wants them both dead before they can unravel his dirty secrets. And he's been very busy . . ."
Tallchief The Hunter The Tallchiefs 9 by Cait London. The life of the legendary ballerina Maria Tallchief is told in her own words. Her fascinating memoir is the story of the rigors and pleasures of a dancer's life an artist's rapid rise to fame that began on an Indian reservation in Oklahoma. Tallchief introduced ballet to the American public and became George Balanchine's wife and muse. Recipient of the 1996 Kennedy Center Honor. of photos.
With Her Last Breath by Cait London. No description available
Tallchief For Keeps The Tallchiefs 3 by Cait London. No description available
The Sgt. Rock Archives Vol. 3 by Robert Kanigher Joe Kubert Russ Heath Mark Chiarello Jerry Grandinetti Irv Novack. No description available
The Sgt. Rock Archives Vol. 1 by Robert Kanigher Bob Haney Joe Kubert Jerry Grandinetti. No description available
Sgt. Rock The Prophecy by Joe Kubert. No description available
Sgt. Frog Vol. 13 Sgt. Frog 13 by Mine Yoshizaki. No description available
"On Basilisk Station Honor Harrington 1 by David Weber. INTRODUCING HONOR HARRINGTON Having made him look a fool, she's been exiled to Basilisk Station in disgrace and set up for ruin by a superior who hates her. Her demoralized crew blames her for their ship's humiliating posting to an out of the way picket station. The aborigines of the system's only habitable planet are smoking homicide inducing hallucinogens. Parliament isn't sure it wants to keep the place the major local industry is smuggling the merchant cartels want her head the star conquering, so called Republic of Haven is Up To Something and Honor Harrington has a single, over age light cruiser with an armament that doesn't work to police the entire star system. But the people out to get her have made one mistake. They've made her mad. At the publisher's request, this title is sold without DRM Digital Rights Management ."
The Lure of the Basilisk The Lords of D s 1 by Lawrence Watt Evans. No description available
Love Smart Find the One You Want Fix the One You Got by Phillip C. McGraw. No description available
Smart Love by Martha Heineman Pieper William J. Pieper. No description available
Sagwa the Chinese Siamese Cat by Amy Tan Gretchen Schields. No description available
The Opposite of Fate by Amy Tan. No description available
Bonesetter's Daughter by Amy Tan Joan Chen. No description available
The Horizontal World Growing Up Wild in the Middle of Nowhere by Debra Marquart. No description available
Horizontal Gene Transfer by Michael Syvanen Clarence I. Kado. No description available
The Greek Islands by Lawrence Durrell. No description available
The Avignon Quintet Monsieur Livia Constance Sebastian and Quinx by Lawrence Durrell. No description available
Through the Dark Labyrinth A Biography of Lawrence Durrell by Gordon Bowker. No description available
Clear Light of Day by Anita Desai. No description available
In Custody by Anita Desai. No description available
Baumgartner's Bombay by Anita Desai. No description available
Tim Burton Interviews by Kristian Fraga. No description available
Mysteries by Colin Wilson. No description available
The Occult A History by Colin Wilson. No description available
Exemplary Novels IV Lady Cornelia the Deceitful Marriage the Dialogue of the Dogs by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra John Macklin. No description available
In the Royal Manner Expert Advice on Etiquette and Entertaining from the Former Butler to Diana Princess of Wales by Paul Burrell. No description available
Because the Night Lloyd Hopkins 2 by James Ellroy. No description available
Crime Wave Reportage and Fiction from the Underside of L.A. by James Ellroy Art Cooper. No description available
"Suicide Hill Lloyd Hopkins 3 by James Ellroy. In disgrace after a badly handled arrest in New Orleans, Sgt. Lloyd Hopkins is assigned as liaison officer to an FBI investigation of a series of diabolically clever bank robberies. An early success from the acclaimed author of The Black Dahlia."
American Tabloid Underworld USA 1 by James Ellroy. No description available
Your Cheatin' Heart by Nancy Bartholomew. No description available
First Things First by Stephen R. Covey A. Roger Merrill Rebecca R. Merrill. No description available
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Powerful Lessons in Personal Change by Stephen R. Covey Jim Collins. No description available
The Speed of Trust The One Thing that Changes Everything by Stephen M.R. Covey. No description available
Everything Bad is Good for You by Steven Johnson. No description available
The Ghost Map The Story of London's Most Terrifying Epidemic and How It Changed Science Cities and the Modern World by Steven Johnson. No description available
The Fountains of Paradise by Arthur C. Clarke. No description available
Bad Dreams by Kim Newman. No description available
Strawberry Days How Internment Destroyed a Japanese American Community by David Neiwert. No description available
The Price of Glory Saga of the Gray Death Legion 3 by William H. Keith Jr.. No description available
"Feast of Souls The Magister Trilogy 1 by C.S. Friedman. At the end of her bestselling Coldfire trilogy, C.S. Friedman challenged readers to imagine what a world would be like if sorcery required the ultimate sacrifice that of life itself. Now, in Feast of Souls, she introduces us to a terrifying world in which the cost of magic is just that...in which the fuel for sorcery is the very fire of the human spirit, and those who hunger for magical power must pay for it with their lives. In this epic tale of nightmarish shadows and desperate hope, the greatest threat of all may not be that of ancient enemies returned, or ancient wars resumed, but of the darkness that lies within the hearts of men."
In Conquest Born In Conquest Born 1 by C.S. Friedman. No description available
"Black Sun Rising The Coldfire Trilogy 1 by C.S. Friedman. Blending science fiction and fantasy, the first book of the Coldfire Trilogy tells a dark tale of an alien world where nightmares are made manifest. Over a millennium ago, Erna, a seismically active yet beautiful world was settled by colonists from far distant Earth. But the seemingly habitable planet was fraught with perils no one could have foretold. The colonists found themselves caught in a desperate battle for survival against the fae, a terrifying natural force with the power to prey upon the human mind itself, drawing forth a person's worst nightmare images or most treasured dreams and indiscriminately giving them life. Twelve centuries after fate first stranded the colonists on Erna, mankind has achieved an uneasy stalemate, and human sorcerers manipulate the fae for their own profit, little realizing that demonic forces which feed upon such efforts are rapidly gaining in strength. Now, as the hordes of the dark fae multiply, four people Priest, Adept, Apprentice, and Sorcerer are about to be drawn inexorably together for a mission which will force them to confront an evil beyond their imagining, in a conflict which will put not only their own lives but the very fate of humankind in jeopardy."
"Crown of Shadows The Coldfire Trilogy 3 by C.S. Friedman. Unlikely allies Damien and Tarrant are faced with an enemy who may prove invulnerable a demon who has declared war on mankind. Called Calesta, he is a master of illusion and devourer of pain, and he plans to remake the human species until it exists only to sate his unquenchable thirst for suffering. The war against Calesta will take Damien and Tarrant from the depths of Hell to the birthplace of demons and beyond in a battle that could cost them not only their lives, but the very soul of mankind. Crown of Shadows is the stunning conclusion to C. S. Friedman's Coldfire trilogy."
The Madness Season by C.S. Friedman. No description available
This Alien Shore by C.S. Friedman. No description available
Whirlpool by Elizabeth Lowell Ann Maxwell. No description available
Reckless Love MacKenzie Blackthorn 1 by Elizabeth Lowell. No description available
Warrior MacKenzie Blackthorn 5 by Elizabeth Lowell. No description available
"Only Mine Only Series 2 by Elizabeth Lowell. The bastard son of a viscount and a Cheyenne shaman's daughter, Wolfe Lonetree agrees to rescue the pampered Lady Jessica from an unwanted impending wedding but only if she will be his wife. Na ve and shockingly innocent, Lady Jessica Charteris tricked a rugged, handsome stranger into a marriage in name only in order to escape a union with a vile British lord. Totally unprepared for the hardships awaiting her in America, she is terrified by the prospect of life in the harsh and magnificent land at the edge of the Rockies. But even more frightening is Wolfe himself a man whose raw sensuality leaves her breathless. Her proud, virile new husband is not one to be trifled with, nor will he be denied what his heart fervently desires for only in Wolfe Lonetree's arms can Jessica truly learn the unparalleled joy of becoming the right man's woman."
The Secret Sister by Ann Maxwell Elizabeth Lowell. No description available
Tell Me No Lies by Elizabeth Lowell. No description available
Sweet Rosie O'Grady by Joan Jonker. No description available
Fergus and the Night Demon by Jim Murphy John Manders. No description available
"The Secret on Ararat Babylon Rising 2 by Tim LaHaye Bob Phillips. Tim LaHaye, creator of the phenomenally successful Left Behind books, continues his newest top ten New York Times bestselling series Babylon Rising. The heroic Michael Murphy cool, brainy, sexy, and valiant hurtles into his second whirlwind adventure in pursuit of Biblical artifacts. In Babylon Rising Tim LaHaye began an adventure series that he calls even more exciting than his 50 million plus copy bestselling Left Behind series. Readers agreed, as the novel debuted as a top ten New York Times bestseller. Now, in the second Babylon Rising novel, Biblical scholar, archaeologist, professor, and hero for our times Michael Murphy is in pursuit of one of the most mysterious and sought after of all Biblical artifacts, Noah s Ark. As Murphy undertakes his death defying quest to ascend Mount Ararat, he will discover dramatic revelations of Biblical prophecies and be drawn even closer to the most terrifying evil about to be unleashed on all mankind. With The Secret on Ararat following close on the heels of Glorious Appearing, the fastest selling Left Behind novel ever, Tim LaHaye will further prove to be one of the most fascinating and popular storytellers of our time."
Avalon by Anya Seton Philippa Gregory. No description available
The Winthrop Woman by Anya Seton Philippa Gregory. No description available
The Hearth and Eagle by Anya Seton. No description available
Media Unlimited How the Torrent of Images Sounds Overwhelms Our Lives by Todd Gitlin. No description available
The Whole World is Watching Mass Media in the Making and Unmaking of the New Left with a New Preface by Todd Gitlin. No description available
The Sixties Years of Hope Days of Rage by Todd Gitlin. No description available
The Intellectuals and the Flag by Todd Gitlin. No description available
The Whole World Is Watching Mass Media in the Making Unmaking of the New Left by Todd Gitlin. No description available
Magical Creatures Easy To Read! Easy To Draw! by Joan Holub Dana Regan. No description available
The Pizza That We Made by Joan Holub Lynne Avril Cravath. No description available
The Portable Edgar Allan Poe by Edgar Allan Poe J. Gerald Kennedy. No description available
Great Short Works by Edgar Allan Poe Gary Richard Thompson. No description available
Tales by H.P. Lovecraft Peter Straub. No description available
Tales of H.P. Lovecraft by H.P. Lovecraft Joyce Carol Oates. No description available
The Best of H.P. Lovecraft Bloodcurdling Tales of Horror and the Macabre by H.P. Lovecraft August Derleth Robert Bloch. No description available
The Doom That Came to Sarnath and Other Stories by H.P. Lovecraft Lin Carter. No description available
The Transition of H. P. Lovecraft The Road to Madness by H.P. Lovecraft Barbara Hambly. No description available
The Art of H.P. Lovecraft's the Cthulhu Mythos by Pat Harrigan Brian Wood Jeremy McHugh. No description available
The Dream Cycle of H.P. Lovecraft Dreams of Terror and Death by H.P. Lovecraft E. Hoffmann Price Neil Gaiman. No description available
Loving Will Shakespeare by Carolyn Meyer. No description available
Doomed Queen Anne Young Royals 3 by Carolyn Meyer. No description available
"Patience Princess Catherine Young Royals 4 by Carolyn Meyer. In 1501, fifteen year old Catharine of Aragon arrives in England and marries Arthur, the eldest son of King Henry VII, but when Arthur unexpectedly dies, her future becomes the subject of a bitter dispute between England and Spain."
Marie Dancing by Carolyn Meyer. No description available
Isabel Princesa De Castilla Espa a 1466 by Carolyn Meyer Carme Camps Monf. No description available
Monte Cook Presents The Year's Best D20 Volume One by Monte Cook. No description available
1848 The Revolution of the Intellectuals by Lewis B. Namier James Joll. No description available
Suddenly Daddy Suddenly 1 by Loree Lough. No description available
Great Short Stories by American Women by Candace Ward. No description available
Children's Christmas Stories and Poems In Easy to Read Type by Bob Blaisdell Pat Ronson Stewart. No description available
The Governess or The Little Female Academy by Sarah Fielding Candace Ward. No description available
The Star Spangled Banner Symbols of America by Debra Hess. No description available
The Liberty Bell Symbols of America by Debra Hess. No description available
The Statue of Liberty Symbols of America by Debra Hess. No description available
The White House Symbols of America by Debra Hess. No description available
The American Flag Symbols of America by Debra Hess. No description available
Touched with Fire Manic Depressive Illness and the Artistic Temperament by Kay Redfield Jamison. No description available
Manic Depressive Illness Bipolar Disorders and Recurrent Depression by Frederick K. Goodwin Kay Redfield Jamison. No description available
The Bone Yard by Paul J. Mikol Dean Koontz F. Paul Wilson Sheri S. Tepper Ray Garton. No description available
Dracula Was a Woman In Search of the Blood Countess of Transylvania by Raymond T. McNally. No description available
Proof of Concept by Larry Young Damian Couceiro Kieron Dwyer. No description available
Wonderful Life The Burgess Shale and the Nature of History by Stephen Jay Gould. No description available
Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Law and the Inner Self by G. Edward White. No description available
Oliver Wendell Holmes in Paris Medicine Theology and the Autocrat of the Breakfast Table by William C. Dowling. No description available
Evermore by James Robert Smith Stephen Mark Rainey Joel Lane Gary Fry John Morressy Kealan Patrick Burke Manly Wade Wellman Fred Chappell Charlee Jacob F. Gwynplaine MacIntyre Steve Rasnic Tem Thomas F. Monteleone Rick Hautala Melanie Tem Trey R. Baker Ken Goldman Vincent Starrett Tom Piccirilli. No description available
The Azathoth Cycle Tales of the Blind Idiot God by Robert M. Price Edward Pickman Derby Peter Cannon Stephen Mark Rainey Lin Carter Henry Kuttner Ramsey Campbell Thomas Ligotti Richard L. Tierney Gary Myers Donald R. Burleson C.J. Henderson Stephen Studach John Glasby Allen Mackey. No description available
Rethinking the Economics of War The Intersection of Need Creed and Greed by Cynthia J. Arnson I. William Zartman. No description available
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass An American Slave Written by Himself by Frederick Douglass David W. Blight. No description available
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass An American Slave by Frederick Douglass Gregory Stephens Peter J. Gomes. No description available
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass An American Slave Written by Himself by Frederick Douglass. No description available
Autobiographies Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass My Bondage and My Freedom Life and Times of Frederick Douglass by Frederick Douglass Henry Louis Gates Jr.. No description available
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass an American Slave Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl by Frederick Douglass Harriet Ann Jacobs Kwame Anthony Appiah. No description available
Antes que anochezca by Reinaldo Arenas. No description available
Hallucinations or The Ill Fated Peregrinations of Fray Servando by Reinaldo Arenas Andrew Hurley Thomas Colchie. No description available
The Assault by Reinaldo Arenas Andrew Hurley Thomas Colchie. No description available
Cold As Ice Ice 2 by Anne Stuart. No description available
Shadow Lover by Anne Stuart. No description available
"Ice Blue Ice 3 by Anne Stuart. Nick Stirling figures his life is over. His dad's been laid off and doesn't seem to care, his family has to move to a crummy house on the wrong side of town, and Nick is transferred to another school. But that's not the half of it. He can't play inline hockey anymore for the team sponsored by his dad's old company. And his new neighbourhood has a team the Phantoms made up of a bunch of losers in old roller blades who can't skate backward. When Nick is asked to join the losers in a minor tournament, he discovers that what they lack in skill they make up for in guts. After the Phantoms get a sponsor and a coach, Nick has a chance to make a difference with his new team. And for the first time, he begins to make real friends. There's no way he'd ever go back to his old team, even if they begged. . . Or would he?"
The Devil's Waltz by Anne Stuart. No description available
Shadows At Sunset by Anne Stuart. No description available
To Love a Dark Lord by Anne Stuart. No description available
Ritual Sins by Anne Stuart. No description available
Prince of Magic by Anne Stuart. No description available
Bound for Oregon by Jean Van Leeuwen James Watling R.W. Alley. No description available
Oliver and Albert Friends Forever Easy to Read Puffin by Jean Van Leeuwen Ann Schweninger. No description available
Midnight Brunch Casa Dracula 2 by Marta Acosta. No description available
Midnight Is a Place by Joan Aiken. No description available
Black Hearts in Battersea The Wolves Chronicles 2 by Joan Aiken Edward Gorey. No description available
A Small Pinch of Weather by Joan Aiken. No description available
"The Cuckoo Tree The Wolves Chronicles 6 by Joan Aiken. Dido Twite uncovers a devious plot against the king in this classic children s adventure set in an alternate Victorian England. Dido Twite, a roving ambassador to the King of England, is on her way home to London when her friend Captain Hughes is injured in a stagecoach accident. When Dido seeks help, she encounters the odd inhabitants of Tegleaze Manor strange old Lady Tegleaze, her nephew, Tobit, and his wizened, witchy nurse, Sannie. Soon suspicious things happen. A priceless miniature is stolen. Tobit is framed and then kidnapped. A twin sister is found. And when Dido catches a glimpse of her rascally father in Petworth, she is sure she s in the midst of another Hanoverian plot. Can she get to London to warn the king and save St. Paul's Cathedral from sliding into the Thames? The Cuckoo Tree is the sixth book in the award winning Wolves Chronicles, but you may enjoy reading the series in any order."
"Nightbirds on Nantucket The Wolves Chronicles 3 by Joan Aiken. Although she is desperate to return to England, Dido Twite is caught in Nantucket where she and Penitence Casket have to stay with creepy Aunt Tribulation."
Seminole Song by Vella Munn. No description available
Mary Engelbreit's Home Companion by Charlotte Lyons Mary Engelbreit Barbara E. Martin. No description available
Mary Engelbreit's Mother Goose One Hundred Best Loved Verses by Mary Engelbreit Leonard S. Marcus. No description available
Save the Date A Spirituality of Dating Love Dinner and the Divine by Jason King. No description available
Killing the Imposter God Philip Pullman's Spiritual Imagination in His Dark Materials by Donna Freitas Jason Edward King. No description available
Teaching the World's Children ESL for Ages Three to Seven The Pippin Teacher's Library by Mary Ashworth H. Patricia Wakefield. No description available
Seven Miles a Second by David Wojnarowicz James Romberger Marguerite Van Cook. No description available
Drop The Rock Removing Character Defects Steps Six and Seven by Bill Pittman Todd W. Hall Sara S. Todd W.. No description available
The Oxford Dictionary of Quotations by Elizabeth Knowles. No description available
Liberty Before Liberalism by Quentin Skinner. No description available
The Return of Grand Theory in the Human Sciences by Quentin Skinner. No description available
Symptomatic by Danzy Senna. No description available
Tales of Magick Dark Adventure by Phil Brucato Aaron Rosenberg. No description available
Doctor Tandy's First Guide to Life Extension and Transhumanity by Charles Tandy Ra l William Faloon R. Michael Perry Robin Hanson Nick Bostrom Robert A. Freitas Jr. Christopher J. Phoenix Avatar Polymorph Jim Yount. No description available
"Tyrannosaurus Wrecks Stanley 1 by Laura Driscoll Alisa Klayman Grodsky Eric Weiner. Stanley wishes he were a dinosaur so that his big brother, Lionel, would pay attention to him. But when Stanley actually becomes a T.rex, the mightiest of the dinosaurs, he realizes that is is much better to be loved than feared."
Bailando al rescate Dora La Exploradora by Dave Aikins Laura Driscoll. No description available
Richard Kern Action by Richard Kern Dian Hanson. No description available
On Film Thinking in Action by Stephen Mulhall. No description available
Warren G. Harding The American Presidents 29 by John W. Dean Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.. No description available
Prince of the City by Keith Herber. No description available
Spawn of Azathoth Herald of the End of Time Call of Cthulhu RPG by Keith Herber. No description available
Random House Crossword Mega Omnibus Volume 1 by United Feature Syndication. No description available
Chester by Syd Hoff. No description available
Stanley by Syd Hoff. No description available
Grizzwold by Syd Hoff. No description available
Captain Cat by Syd Hoff. No description available
Once Upon a Gulf Coast Summer by Susan Oliver. No description available
Margaret Atwood's Power Mirrors Reflections and Images in Select Fiction and Poetry by Shannon Hengen. No description available
The Bears on Hemlock Mountain by Alice Dalgliesh Helen Sewell. No description available
Hoodwinked by Quentin Carter. No description available
"The Risk of Darkness Simon Serrailler 3 by Susan Hill. Simon Serrailler s story began in The Various Haunts of Men about a serial killer and continued with The Pure in Heart about a kidnapped schoolboy . Susan Hill is not afraid to tackle difficult issues, nor to face up to the realities of stress in an ordinary English police station. Her third crime novel, The Risk of Darkness, even more compulsive and convincing, follows up the child abduction and explores the crazy grief of a widowed husband, a derangement which turns to obsession and threats, violence and terror. Meanwhile, handsome, introverted Simon Serrailler, whose cool reserve has broken the hearts of several women, finds his own heart troubled by the newest recruit to the Cathedral staff a feisty female Anglican priest with red hair The Risk of Darkness is packed with action and adventure. Like Various Haunts, it hinges on a terrific twist which comes as a complete surprise to the reader and like The Pure in Heart, it deals in depth with complex daily problems."
The Pure in Heart Simon Serrailler 2 by Susan Hill. No description available
The Woman in Black by Susan Hill John Lawrence. No description available
The Various Haunts of Men Simon Serrailler 1 by Susan Hill. No description available
Septem Quae Supersunt Tragoediae by Aeschylus Denys L. Page. No description available
1 Hagane no Renkinjutsushi 1 Fullmetal Alchemist 1 by Hiromu Arakawa. No description available
4 Fullmetal Alchemist 4 by Hiromu Arakawa. No description available
5 Fullmetal Alchemist 5 by Hiromu Arakawa. No description available
3 Fullmetal Alchemist 3 by Hiromu Arakawa. 2 2 2 !?
8 Fullmetal Alchemist 8 by Hiromu Arakawa. No description available
Love's Executioner And Other Tales Of Psychotherapy by Irvin D. Yalom. No description available
The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky Thomas R. Beyer Jr. Simon Vance. No description available
Old Filth Old Filth 1 by Jane Gardam. No description available
The Gospel of Filth A Bible of Decadence Darkness by Gavin Baddeley Dani Filth. No description available
Divine Filth Lost Writings Modern Classics by Georges Bataille. No description available
Filth Dirt Disgust and Modern Life by William A. Cohen. No description available
Pink Flamingos and Other Filth Three Screenplays by John Waters. No description available
"Let It Be Love Effingtons 11 by Victoria Alexander. A rollicking historical romance . . . the perfect holiday read from the 1 New York Times bestselling author of When We Meet Again Publishers Weekly . Dashing Jonathon Effington, the Marquess of Helmsley, has had more than one lady willingly fall into his arms. But he s so delicious none has ever complained at their inevitable parting. And while Jonathon s no stranger to passion of the flesh, his heart has remained untouched. Until now . . . At each Christmas Ball, Jonathon selects a delectable lady to share the pleasures of the evening after all, it s a holiday tradition! But he is shocked to discover that his choice is replaced by an enchanting stranger who surprises him with a proposal of marriage. Beautiful Fiona Fairchild is desperate only a wedding will save her sisters and her inheritance. But Jonathon has no interest in marriage, and what starts as a shocking proposal turns into a scandalous proposition that might ruin them both . . . Let It Be Love is fantastic! Humorous, sensuous and touching, it s a most excellent addition to Victoria Alexander s Effington family saga. Fresh Fiction"
The Marriage Lesson Effingtons 3 by Victoria Alexander. No description available
"When We Meet Again Effingtons 10 by Victoria Alexander. From a New York Times bestseller at the top of her game, this story of royal pretend engagement is historical romance at its most entertaining Publishers Weekly . Pamela is a mystery Alexei is determined to solve . . . Prince Alexei of Avalonia is a master at the art of seduction, but when a mysterious young woman he meets at a masked ball spends the night in his bed, he finds he is touched in ways he cannot forget. Still, he wonders if she was real or a dream spun of moonlight. Alexei might well be a temptation Pamela cannot resist . . . And Miss Pamela Effington is no dream. Certainly, succumbing to the prince s seduction was madness. Now she s come to her senses and is thankful their paths will never cross again. Even if they do, he had never truly seen her face. But they are both in for the shock of their lives. For back in London, determined to lead a blameless life, Pamela finds Alexei occupying her home a townhouse she s only recently inherited and he refuses to leave. A feigned courtship seems an excellent idea, and soon the mystery and temptation begin all over again. Victoria Alexander delivers on all counts! New York Times bestselling author Stephanie Laurens"
"Her Highness My Wife Effingtons 5 by Victoria Alexander. Women never said no to the dashing Lord Matthew Weston and he never said no to them. But this was the first time he found one tempting enough to impetuously say I do. Was it any wonder he awoke to discover her gone? And when Matthew learned the enchanting creature he'd married was of royal blood and would abandon their marriage bed without a second thought he vowed to put her out of his life forever. But even a princess makes mistakes. And now Tatiana's back, asking for the kind of help only he can give her. But is his assistance all she wants or are there secrets the willful royal is keeping from him? Matthew may well lend her his hand but he'll never again give her his heart. Still, he's determined to tame the green eyed beauty and change her from a perfect princess to his passionate bride."
Love With the Proper Husband Effingtons 6 by Victoria Alexander. No description available
The Lady in Question Effingtons 7 by Victoria Alexander. No description available
Going on Being Buddhism and the Way of Change by Mark Epstein. No description available
A New History of Early English Drama by John D. Cox David Scott Kastan Stephen Greenblatt. No description available
The Shell Seekers by Rosamunde Pilcher. No description available
"Cat's Cradle Cat 1 by William W. Johnstone. A free wheeling vehicle . . . an unforgettable ride! The New York Times Cat s Cradle is Kurt Vonnegut s satirical commentary on modern man and his madness. An apocalyptic tale of this planet s ultimate fate, it features a midget as the protagonist, a complete, original theology created by a calypso singer, and a vision of the future that is at once blackly fatalistic and hilariously funny. A book that left an indelible mark on an entire generation of readers, Cat s Cradle is one of the twentieth century s most important works and Vonnegut at his very best. Vonnegut is an unimitative and inimitable social satirist. Harper s Magazine Our finest black humorist . . . We laugh in self defense. Atlantic Monthly"
Undertaker of the Mind John Monro and Mad Doctoring in Eighteenth Century England by Jonathan Andrews Andrew Scull. No description available
Consider the Lilies by Iain Crichton Smith Isobel Murray. No description available
The Admirable Crichton by J.M. Barrie. No description available
The Delta Star by Joseph Wambaugh. No description available
Finnegan's Week by Joseph Wambaugh. No description available
The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane by Kate DiCamillo Bagram Ibatoulline. No description available
The Tiger Rising by Kate DiCamillo. No description available
Mercy Watson Goes for a Ride by Kate DiCamillo Chris Van Dusen. No description available
The Tale of Despereaux by Kate DiCamillo Timothy Basil Ering. No description available
Mercy Watson to the Rescue by Kate DiCamillo Chris Van Dusen. No description available
Mercy Watson Princess in Disguise by Kate DiCamillo Chris Van Dusen. No description available
The Mill on the Floss by George Eliot. No description available
Culture Shock! Laos Culture Shock! by Stephen Mansfield. No description available
The Cambridge Companion to Plotinus by Lloyd P. Gerson. No description available
In the Land of the Lawn Weenies and Other Warped and Creepy Tales Weenies series 1 by David Lubar. No description available
Hidden Talents Talents 1 by David Lubar. No description available
Dunk by David Lubar. No description available
Carnet de Voyage by Craig Thompson. No description available
Dark Horse Deluxe Journal Craig Thompson's Angels and Demons by Craig Thompson. No description available
Good Bye Chunky Rice by Craig Thompson. No description available
Adieu Chunky Rice by Craig Thompson. No description available
Balanchine A Biography by Bernard Taper. No description available
A Scandalous Life The Biography of Jane Digby by Mary S. Lovell. No description available
The Splendid Outcast Beryl Markham's African Stories by Beryl Markham Mary S. Lovell. No description available
Eyes of Prey Lucas Davenport 3 by John Sandford. No description available
Sharpe's Prey Sharpe 5 by Bernard Cornwell. No description available
"Broken Prey Lucas Davenport 16 by John Sandford. Don't miss this sexy, bloody thriller Publishers Weekly in 1 New York Times bestselling author John Sandford's Prey series... The first body is of a young woman, found on a Minneapolis riverbank, her throat cut, her body scourged and put on display. Whoever did this, Lucas Davenport knows, is pushed by brain chemistry. There is something wrong with him. This isn t a bad love affair. The second body is found three weeks later, in a farmhouse six miles south. Same condition, same display except this time it is a man. Nothing to link the two victims, nothing to indicate that the killings end here. This guy Lucas said. He took a deep breath, let it out as a sigh. This guy is going to bust our chops. And soon he is going to do far, far worse than that"
Rules of Prey Lucas Davenport 1 by John Sandford. No description available
"Certain Prey Lucas Davenport 10 by John Sandford. One of the best Orlando Sentinel Lucas Davenport Novels now with a New Introduction by the Author. Clara Rinker is twenty eight, beautiful, charmingly southern and the best hit woman in the business. She just goes about her business, collects her money, and goes home. Her latest hit sounds simple a defense attorney wants a rival eliminated. No problem until a witness survives. Clara usually knows how to deal with loose ends cut them off, one by one, until they're all gone. This time, there s one loose end that s hard to shake. Lucas Davenport has no idea of the toll this case is about to take on him. Clara knows his weak spots. She knows how to penetrate them, and how to use them. And when a woman like Clara has the advantage, no one is safe."
Winter Prey Lucas Davenport 5 by John Sandford. No description available
Destiny's Daughters by Gwynne Forster Donna Hill Parry A. Brown. No description available
Fragments by Jean Baudrillard Emily Agar. No description available
The Consumer Society Myths and Structures by Jean Baudrillard Chris Turner George Ritzer. No description available
The Vital Illusion by Jean Baudrillard Julia Witwer. No description available
Hijos de la medianoche by Salman Rushdie Miguel S enz. No description available
Wicked Ties Wicked Lovers 1 by Shayla Black. No description available
On a Wicked Dawn Cynster 9 by Stephanie Laurens. No description available
The Wicked Vampire Huntress 8 by L.A. Banks. No description available
Wicked Sacrifice Bound Hearts 4 5 by Lora Leigh. No description available
My Wicked Pirate by Rona Sharon. No description available
Wicked Dreams by Kingdome 19. No description available
If I Have a Wicked Stepmother Where's My Prince? by Melissa Kantor. No description available
A Couple of April Fools The Hamlet Chronicles 6 by Gregory Maguire Elaine Clayton. No description available
The Good Liar by Gregory Maguire. No description available
Seven Spiders Spinning The Hamlet Chronicles 1 by Gregory Maguire Dirk Zimmer. No description available
Three Rotten Eggs The Hamlet Chronicles 5 by Gregory Maguire Elaine Clayton. No description available
Das Tulpenhaus oder Bekenntnisse einer h lichen Stiefschwester by Gregory Maguire Mechtild Sandberg Ciletti. No description available
On the Night You Were Born by Nancy Tillman. No description available
The Night at the Museum by Milan Trenc. No description available
The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter by Carson McCullers. No description available
The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter by Carson McCullers Kasia Boddy. No description available
The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie The Girls of Slender Means The Driver's Seat The Only Problem by Muriel Spark. No description available
The Pat Hobby Stories by F. Scott Fitzgerald Arnold Gingrich. No description available
The Pursuit of the Well Beloved The Well Beloved by Thomas Hardy Patricia Ingham. No description available
Playing in the Dark Whiteness and the Literary Imagination by Toni Morrison. No description available
The Big Box by Toni Morrison Slade Morrison. No description available
Their Eyes Were Watching God by Zora Neale Hurston. No description available
Grasping God's Word A Hands On Approach to Reading Interpreting and Applying the Bible by J. Scott Duvall J. Daniel Hays. No description available
The Short Stories of Ernest Hemingway by Ernest Hemingway. No description available
Little Big Book for God's Children by Alice Wong Lena Tabori. No description available
Little Children by Tom Perrotta. No description available
Dale Loves Sophie to Death by Robb Forman Dew. No description available
Hokkaido Highway Blues Hitchhiking Japan by Will Ferguson. No description available
The Martian Chronicles by Ray Bradbury Ian Miller. No description available
"You Know You Love Me Gossip Girl 2 by Cecily von Ziegesar. 'Welcome to New York's Upper East Side, where my friends and I all live in huge, fabulous apartments and go to exclusive private schools. It's a luxe life, but someone's got to live it.' This is the second book in the internationally bestselling series now a major TV series."
Classroom Interactions as Cross Cultural Encounters Native Speakers in EFL Lessons by Jasmine C.M. Luk Angel M.Y. Lin. No description available
Why I Hate Canadians by Will Ferguson. No description available
Happiness by Will Ferguson. No description available
Discovering God's Will by Sinclair B. Ferguson. No description available
The Truth of the Matter by Robb Forman Dew. No description available
Spinoza A Life by Steven Nadler. No description available
Organizational Architecture Designs for Changing Organizations by David A. Nadler Robert B. Shaw Marc S. Gerstein. No description available
Henry V by William Shakespeare Barbara A. Mowat Paul Werstine Michael Neill. No description available
Erotism Death and Sensuality by Georges Bataille Mary Dalwood. No description available
The Weimar Republic The Crisis of Classical Modernity by Detlev J.K. Peukert Richard Deveson. No description available
Adam and Eve and Pinch Me by Ruth Rendell. No description available
A Pinch of Snuff Dalziel Pascoe 5 by Reginald Hill. No description available
Egyptian Myth A Very Short Introduction by Geraldine Pinch. No description available
A Pinch of Poison Hemlock Falls Mysteries 3 by Claudia Bishop. No description available
Persuasion by Jane Austen. No description available
Beyond Seduction Beyond Duet 2 by Emma Holly. No description available
Sense and Sensibility by Jane Austen Claire Lamont James Kinsley. No description available
Sense and Sensibility by Jane Austen Claire Lamont Ros Ballaster. No description available
Sense and Sensibility by Jane Austen Laura Engel. No description available
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest SparkNotes Literature Guide by SparkNotes Ken Kesey. No description available
A Different Mirror A History of Multicultural America by Ronald Takaki. No description available
Trapped in the Mirror Adult Children of Narcissists in Their Struggle for Self by Elan Golomb. No description available
The Buddha in Your Mirror Practical Buddhism and the Search for Self by Woody Hochswender Greg Martin Ted Morino. No description available
A Distant Mirror The Calamitous 14th Century by Barbara W. Tuchman. No description available
They Do It With Mirrors by Agatha Christie Rosemary Leach. No description available
The Lemon Table by Julian Barnes. No description available
"The Criminal Mastermind Collection Bks 1 3 Artemis Fowl 1 3 by Eoin Colfer. In 2001, audiences first met and fell in love with a twelve year old criminal mastermind named Artemis Fowl. Since then, the eight book series about his adventures has sold over twenty five million copies throughout the world. To coincide with the major motion picture coming from the Walt Disney Studios in August 2019, here is an all new graphic novel adaptation of the book with crisp, accessible storytelling and clear, cinematic perspectives. Readers of all ages can now follow the siege at Fowl Manor between Artemis and the fairies in action packed, full color panels."
Encuentro en el rtico Artemis Fowl 2 by Eoin Colfer. No description available
El cubo B Artemis Fowl 3 by Eoin Colfer Ana Alcaina. No description available
Forget Me Not Photography and Remembrance by Geoffrey Batchen. No description available
Monsoon Summer by Mitali Perkins. No description available
Warlock Ancient Egypt 3 by Wilbur Smith. No description available
Sea of Thunder Four Commanders and the Last Great Naval Campaign 1941 1945 by Evan Thomas. No description available
Gift from the Sea by Anne Morrow Lindbergh. No description available
Wide Sargasso Sea A Reader's Guide to Essential Criticism by Carl Plasa. No description available
The Good Housekeeping Illustrated Cookbook by Good Housekeeping Zoe Coulson. No description available
Evelina by Frances Burney Edward A. Bloom. No description available
Dancing On Air by Frances Oliver. No description available
Holding On to the Air by Suzanne Farrell Toni Bentley. No description available
The Turtle The Lighthouse Family 4 by Cynthia Rylant Preston McDaniels. No description available
The Body in the Lighthouse by Katherine Hall Page. No description available
American Tragedy Kennedy Johnson and the Origins of the Vietnam War by David E. Kaiser. No description available
The Sun Also Rises by Ernest Hemingway. No description available
The Call of the Wild by Jack London Wendell Minor. No description available
The Call of the Wild by Jack London Gary Paulsen. No description available
The Call of the Wild and Three Other Klondike Stories by Jack London Roger Dressler. No description available
The Call of the Wild and Selected Stories 100th Anniversary Ed. by Jack London Alex Kershaw. No description available
Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury Alfredo Crespo. No description available
"The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe Chronicles of Narnia 1 by Hiawyn Oram C.S. Lewis Tudor Humphries. Now considered a classic, The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe is C.S. Lewis's second book of The Chronicles of Narnia, which has captured the imaginations of children for several generations."
"The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe Chronicles of Narnia 2 by C.S. Lewis Pauline Baynes. Now considered a classic, The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe is C.S. Lewis's second book of The Chronicles of Narnia, which has captured the imaginations of children for several generations."
The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe Narnia by C.S. Lewis Pauline Baynes. No description available
New Moon Moon 6 by Rebecca York. No description available
Health The Basics Donatelle Series by Rebecca J. Donatelle. No description available
Cliffsnotes on Eliot's Middlemarch by Brian Johnston George Eliot CliffsNotes. No description available
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll Richard Kelly. No description available
Anne of the Island and Tales of Avonlea by L.M. Montgomery. No description available
A Christmas Carol and The Night Before Christmas by Charles Dickens Clement C. Moore Arthur Rackham. No description available
In Search of Dracula The History of Dracula and Vampires by Raymond T. McNally Radu Florescu. No description available
The Annotated Charlotte's Web by E.B. White Garth Williams Peter F. Neumeyer. No description available
Just as Long as We're Together by Judy Blume. No description available
Wifey Smart Women by Judy Blume. No description available
Forever... by Judy Blume. No description available
Fudge a Mania Fudge 4 by Judy Blume. No description available
"Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing Fudge 1 by Judy Blume. Life with his little brother, Fudge, makes Peter Hatcher feel like a fourth grade nothing. Whether Fudge is throwing a temper tantrum in a shoe store, smearing mashed potatoes on the walls at Hamburger Heaven, or trying to fly, he s never far from trouble. He s an almost three year old terror who gets away with everything, and Peter s had it up to here! When Fudge walks off with Dribble, Peter s pet turtle, it s the last straw. Peter has put up with Fudge for too long. Way too long! How can he get his parents to pay attention to him for a change? It is a pleasure to watch a talented author like Judy Blume consistently create books that reflect a remarkable ability for combining humor with a perceptive insight into a child s world. Publishers Weekly"
Forever . . . by Judy Blume. No description available
Wifey by Judy Blume. No description available
Everything I Needed to Know about Being a Girl I Learned from Judy Blume by Jennifer O'Connell Meg Cabot Megan McCafferty Melissa Senate Diana Peterfreund Stephanie Lessing Laura Ruby Erica Orloff Stacey Ballis Julie Kenner Kristin Harmel Jennifer Coburn Elise Juska Kyra Davis Beth Kendrick Berta Platas Lynda Curnyn Kayla Perrin Cara Lockwood Alison Pace Megan Crane Lara Deloza Laura Caldwell Shanna Swendson. No description available
BFF Just As Long As We're Together Here's to You Rachel Robinson Best Friends Forever by Judy Blume. No description available
Yosemite Its Discovery Its Wonder and Its People by Margaret Sanborn. No description available
A Man of the People by Chinua Achebe. No description available
Collected Poems by Chinua Achebe. No description available
"Arrow of God The African Trilogy 3 by Chinua Achebe. Set in the Ibo heartland of eastern Nigeria, one of Africa's best known writers describes the conflict between old and new in its most poignant aspect the personal struggle between father and son."
Anatomy of a Boyfriend Anatomy 1 by Daria Snadowsky. No description available
Lithium for Medea by Kate Braverman Rick Moody. No description available
Die Leiden des Jungen Werther by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe R. Paulin. No description available
The Odyssey by Homer George Herbert Palmer. No description available
Caesar's Commentaries On the Gallic War On the Civil War by Gaius Julius Caesar James H. Ford W.A. McDevitte. No description available
The Conquest of Gaul by Gaius Julius Caesar F.P. Long Cheryl Walker. No description available
The Assassination of Julius Caesar A People's History of Ancient Rome by Michael Parenti. No description available
Letters from the Earth Uncensored Writings by Mark Twain Bernard DeVoto Henry Nash Smith. No description available
Mark Twain Selected Works by Mark Twain. No description available
The Blazing Center Study Guide The Soul Satisfying Supremacy of God in All Things by John Piper. No description available
The God of Small Things by Arundhati Roy. No description available
Balzac und die kleine chinesische Schneiderin by Dai Sijie. No description available
The Wit Wisdom of Winston Churchill by James C. Humes Richard M. Nixon. No description available
Winston Churchill by John Keegan. No description available
The Illustrated Garden Book A New Anthology by Robin Lane Fox Vita Sackville West Freda Titford Ken Kirkwood. No description available
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell by Marilyn Manson Neil Strauss. No description available
Dissecting Marilyn Manson by Gavin Baddeley. No description available
Marilyn Manson by Kurt Reighley. No description available
Marilyn Manson The Lonely Watchman by Richard D. Nelson. No description available
Philosophical Papers Volume 1 Human Agency and Language by Charles Taylor. No description available
Sources of the Self The Making of the Modern Identity by Charles Taylor. No description available
The Ethics of Authenticity by Charles Taylor. No description available
Multiculturalism by Charles Taylor Amy Gutmann Michael Walzer Susan R. Wolf Shierry Weber Nicholsen Kwame Anthony Appiah J rgen Habermas Steven C. Rockefeller. No description available
Charles Taylor by Ruth Abbey. No description available
Built To Last Building America's Amazing Bridges Dams Tunnels and Skyscrapers Built to Last by George Sullivan. No description available
The Art of the Start The Time Tested Battle Hardened Guide for Anyone Starting Anything by Guy Kawasaki. No description available
Mandala Sand Art Kit by Walter Foster Creative Team. No description available
The Death Shift The True Story of Nurse Genene and the Texas Baby Murders by Peter Elkind. No description available
Turn of the Cards Wild Cards 12 by George R.R. Martin Victor Mil n. No description available
Turn of the Cards by Georgina Grey. No description available
Dr. Seuss First Biographies by Cheryl Carlson. No description available
"Go Jump in the Pool! Macdonald Hall 2 by Gordon Korman. Gordon Korman's classic, bestselling series celebrates its 35th anniversary! Macdonald Hall's ivy covered buildings have housed and educated many fine young Canadians. But Bruno Walton and Boots O'Neal are far from being fine young Canadians. The roommates and best friends are nothing but trouble! Together they've snuck out after lights out, swapped flags, kidnapped mascots . . . and that's only the beginning. When Bruno and Boots learn that Macdonald Hall is about to lose some of its best students to its arch rival, York Academy, because the Hall doesn't have a swimming pool, they go on the warpath, determined to save the school. But their fundraising schemes turn to hilarious chaos! Join two of Gordon Korman's most memorable characters in seven side splitting, rip roaring adventures! Macdonald Hall is the series that started it all, and thirty five years later it remains a must read for old fans and new, the young and the young at heart."
Shipwreck Island I by Gordon Korman Holter Graham. No description available
The Pusher 87th Precinct 3 by Ed McBain. No description available
Eight Black Horses 87th Precinct 38 by Ed McBain Mark T. Sullivan. No description available
"Fiddlers 87th Precinct 55 by Ed McBain Otto Penzler. A police detective hunts for a pattern in a puzzling murder spree in this mystery by a master Time . A blind violinist taking a smoke break. A cosmetics sales rep cooking an omelet in her own kitchen. A college professor trudging home from class. A priest contemplating retirement in the rectory garden. An old woman walking her dog. These are the seemingly random targets, all shot twice in the face. But most serial killers don t use guns. Most serial killers don t strike five times in two weeks. And most serial killers victims have something more in common than just being over fifty years of age. Now it falls to Det. Steve Carella and his colleagues in the 87th Precinct to find a connection that will crack this case before another body is found. As Entertainment Weekly said about this long running, much loved police procedural series Imagine your favorite Law Order cast solving fresh mysteries into infinity, with no reruns, and you have some sense of McBain s grand, ongoing accomplishment."
"The Last Dance 87th Precinct 50 by Ed McBain. The fiftieth novel in the 87th Precinct series, Ed McBain returns to Isola, where detectives Meyer Meyer and Steve Carella investigate a murder which leads them to the seedy strip clubs and bright lights of the theater district. In this city, you can get anything done for a price. If you want someone's eyeglasses smashed, it ll cost you a subway token. You want his fingernails pulled out? His legs broken? You want him more seriously injured? You want him hurt so he s an invalid his whole life? You want him skinned, you want him burned, you want him don t even mention it in a whisper killed? It can be done. Let me talk to someone. It can be done. The hanging death of a nondescript old man in a shabby little apartment in a meager section of the 87th Precinct was nothing much in this city, especially to detectives Carella and Meyer. But everyone has a story, and this old man s story stood to make some people a lot of money. His story takes Carella, Meyer, Brown, and Weeks on a search through Isola s seedy strip clubs and to the bright lights of the theater district. There they discover an upcoming musical with ties to a mysterious drug and a killer who stays until the last dance. The Last Dance is Ed McBain's fiftieth novel of the 87th Precinct and certainly one of his best. The series began in 1956 with Cop Hater and proves him to be the man who has been called so good he should be arrested."
The Listener's Bible NIV by Anonymous Max McLean. No description available
Information Technology for Management Transforming Organizations in the Digital Economy by Efraim Turban Dorothy Leidner James C. Wetherbe Ephraim McLean Christy Cheung Daniel Tse Maggie Lew. No description available
A Search for What Makes Sense Finding Faith by Brian D. McLaren Steve Chalke. No description available
Police Brutality An Anthology by Jill Nelson Robin D.G. Kelley Richard Austin Flores Alexander Forbes Ron Daniels Frank Moss Derrick A. Bell Claude Andrew Clegg III Katheryn K. Russell Patricia J. Williams Stanley Crouch Ishmael Reed Arthur Doye. No description available
Reluctant Burglar To Catch a Thief 1 by Jill Elizabeth Nelson. No description available
Q The Autobiography of Quincy Jones by Quincy Jones. No description available
Mansion On The Hill Dylan Young Geffen Springsteen and the Head on Collision of Rock and Commerce by Fred Goodman. No description available
Lady on the Hill How Biltmore Estate Became an American Icon by Howard E. Covington Jr.. No description available
Hit Men Power Brokers and Fast Money Inside the Music Business by Fredric Dannen Erroll McDonald. No description available
Savannah Blues Weezie and Bebe Mysteries 1 by Mary Kay Andrews. No description available
The Last Shogun The Life of Tokugawa Yoshinobu by Ry tar Shiba Juliet Winters Carpenter. No description available
"Sh gun Asian Saga 1 by James Clavell. After Englishman John Blackthorne is lost at sea, he awakens in a place few Europeans know of and even fewer have seen Nippon. Thrust into the closed society that is seventeenth century Japan, a land where the line between life and death is razor thin, Blackthorne must negotiate not only a foreign people, with unknown customs and language, but also his own definitions of morality, truth, and freedom. As internal political strife and a clash of cultures lead to seemingly inevitable conflict, Blackthorne s loyalty and strength of character are tested by both passion and loss, and he is torn between two worlds that will each be forever changed. Powerful and engrossing, capturing both the rich pageantry and stark realities of life in feudal Japan, Sh gun is a critically acclaimed powerhouse of a book. Heart stopping, edge of your seat action melds seamlessly with intricate historical detail and raw human emotion. Endlessly compelling, this sweeping saga captivated the world to become not only one of the best selling novels of all time but also one of the highest rated television miniseries, as well as inspiring a nationwide surge of interest in the culture of Japan. Shakespearean in both scope and depth, Sh gun is, as the New York Times put it, ...not only something you read you live it. Provocative, absorbing, and endlessly fascinating, there is only one Sh gun."
Whoreson by Donald Goines. No description available
Crime Partners by Donald Goines. No description available
Jonah's Gourd Vine by Zora Neale Hurston. No description available
The Complete Stories by Zora Neale Hurston Henry Louis Gates Jr. Sieglinde Lemke. No description available
Zora Neale Hurston A Literary Biography by Robert E. Hemenway Alice Walker. No description available
Zora Neale Hurston Critical Perspectives Past And Present Amistad Literary Series by Henry Louis Gates Jr. Kwame Anthony Appiah. No description available
The Tarot Cafe 1 by Sang Sun Park. No description available
Photography's Other Histories by Christopher Pinney Nicholas Peterson. No description available
Photos of the Gods The Printed Image and Political Struggle in India by Christopher Pinney. No description available
Antitrust Law by Richard A. Posner. No description available
Case Closed Lee Harvey Oswald and the Assassination of JFK by Gerald Posner. No description available
Sex and Reason by Richard A. Posner. No description available
Law and Literature by Richard A. Posner. No description available
Orlando A Biography Film Screenplay by Sally Potter Virginia Woolf. No description available
Orlando Furioso Part Two by Ludovico Ariosto Barbara Reynolds. No description available
Orlando Furioso by Ludovico Ariosto Guido Waldman. No description available
A People's Tragedy The Russian Revolution 1891 1924 by Orlando Figes. No description available
Alas Babylon by Pat Frank. No description available
The South Beach Diet The Delicious Doctor Designed Foolproof Plan for Fast and Healthy Weight Loss by Arthur Agatston. No description available
On the Beach by Nevil Shute. No description available
The Book of Merlyn The Unpublished Conclusion to The Once Future King by T.H. White. No description available
The Art of Happiness by Dalai Lama XIV Howard C. Cutler. No description available
The Art of Happiness at Work by Dalai Lama XIV Howard C. Cutler. No description available
Zen and the Art of Happiness by Chris Prentiss. No description available
Lovingkindness The Revolutionary Art of Happiness by Sharon Salzberg Jon Kabat Zinn. No description available
Kaplan Sadock's Synopsis of Psychiatry Behavioral Sciences Clinical Psychiatry by Benjamin James Sadock Virginia Alcott Sadock. No description available
How to Go to College Almost for Free Updated by Ben R. Kaplan. No description available
Australia by Kate Hemphill Zo Ross Louise Bostock Lang. No description available
Let's Go Australia on a Budget by Let's Go Inc.. No description available
National Geographic Traveler Australia by Roff Smith. No description available
Moll Flanders by Daniel Defoe Mark Schorer Georgina Sutton. No description available
Moll Flanders by Daniel Defoe Virginia Woolf. No description available
The Leatherstocking Tales Vol. 2 The Pathfinder The Deerslayer by James Fenimore Cooper Blake Nevius. No description available
The Last of the Mohicans The Leatherstocking Tales 2 by James Fenimore Cooper. No description available
A River Runs Through It by Norman Maclean Barry Moser. No description available
Empires of the Monsoon A History of the Indian Ocean and Its Invaders by Richard Seymour Hall. No description available
The Next Whole Earth Catalog Access to Tools by Stewart Brand. No description available
Whole Earth Software Catalog by Stewart Brand. No description available
Fooled by Randomness The Hidden Role of Chance in Life and in the Markets by Nassim Nicholas Taleb. No description available
El Borbah by Charles Burns. No description available
Big Baby by Charles Burns. No description available
Black Hole by Charles Burns. No description available
Black Hole tome 3 Visions by Charles Burns. No description available
Black Hole tome 4 Reine des l zards by Charles Burns. No description available
9 11 by Noam Chomsky Greg Ruggiero Marili Margomenou Miguel Mora Natalie Levisalles Il Manifesto Hartford Courant David Barsamian Radio B92 Elise Fried Peter Kreysler Gionarle del Popolo Michael Albert. No description available
Secrets Lies and Democracy by Noam Chomsky David Barsamian. No description available
Syntactic Structures by Noam Chomsky David W. Lightfoot. No description available
The Umbrella of US Power The Universal Declaration of Human Rights the Contradictions of US Policy by Noam Chomsky Greg Ruggiero. No description available
The Common Good by Noam Chomsky David Barsamian Arthur Naiman. No description available
The Curious Sofa by Edward Gorey. No description available
LOVE MODE 11 by Yuki Shimizu. No description available
Ring Ring 1 by K ji Suzuki Robert B. Rohmer Glynne Walley. No description available
The Ring Volume 4 Birthday by K ji Suzuki Sakura Mizuki. No description available
Strings Conformal Fields and M Theory Graduate Texts in Contemporary Physics by Michio Kaku. No description available
Introduction to Superstrings and M Theory by Michio Kaku Joseph L. Birman H. Eugene Stanley J.W. Lynn M.P. Silverman M. Voloshin. No description available
To Win a Nuclear War The Pentagon's Secret War Plans by Michio Kaku Daniel Axelrod. No description available
Company by Max Barry. No description available
Fermat's Enigma The Epic Quest to Solve the World's Greatest Mathematical Problem by Simon Singh. No description available
The Science Book by Peter Tallack Simon Singh. No description available
Kristy's Great Idea by Raina Telgemeier Ann M. Martin. No description available
The Actor in You Sixteen Simple Steps to Understanding the Art of Acting by Robert Benedetti. No description available
The Cat Who Played Post Office Cat Who... 6 by Lilian Jackson Braun. No description available
Just Above My Head by James Baldwin. No description available
Nobody Knows My Name by James Baldwin. No description available
Tell Me How Long the Train's Been Gone by James Baldwin. No description available
If Beale Street Could Talk by James Baldwin. No description available
Tell My Horse Voodoo and Life in Haiti and Jamaica by Zora Neale Hurston. No description available
Wrapped in Rainbows The Life of Zora Neale Hurston by Valerie Boyd. No description available
Going to Meet the Man by James Baldwin. No description available
The Amen Corner by James Baldwin. No description available
Blues for Mister Charlie by James Baldwin. No description available
Every Tongue Got to Confess Negro Folk tales from the Gulf States by Zora Neale Hurston Carla Kaplan John Edgar Wideman. No description available
Factotum by Charles Bukowski. No description available
Women by Charles Bukowski. No description available
Ham on Rye by Charles Bukowski. No description available
Tales of Ordinary Madness by Charles Bukowski. No description available
You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense by Charles Bukowski. No description available
Tiempo De Matar by John Grisham. No description available
"The Wakefields of Sweet Valley Sweet Valley High Magna Editions 1 by Francine Pascal Kate William. Last Christmas, Margo, a girl who looked exactly like the Wakefield twins, tried to take the twins' place in the Wakefield household. Now her twin, Nora, has come to take revenge on the Wakefields for Margo's death."
The Wedding Sweet Valley High 98 by Francine Pascal Kate William. No description available
Alone in the Crowd Sweet Valley High 28 by Francine Pascal Kate William. No description available
Taking Sides Sweet Valley High 31 by Francine Pascal Kate William. No description available
The Wakefield Legacy The Untold Story Sweet Valley High Magna Editions 2 by Francine Pascal Kate William. No description available
Love at First Bite Dark Hunter 6.5 Wild Wulfs of London 2.5 Companion 3.5 by Sherrilyn Kenyon L.A. Banks Susan Squires Ronda Thompson. No description available
Spunk Bite A Writer's Guide to Punchier More Engaging Language Style by Arthur Plotnik. No description available
Cookies Bite Size Life Lessons by Amy Krouse Rosenthal Jane Dyer. No description available
Bite Me If You Can Argeneau 6 by Lynsay Sands. No description available
Aftershock Sweet Valley High Super Edition 12 by Francine Pascal Kate William. No description available
Sweet 18 SVH Senior Year 48 by Francine Pascal Kate William. No description available
"The New Jessica Sweet Valley High 32 by Francine Pascal Kate William. For Jessica and Elizabeth, the sweet life begins at 30... From Francine Pascal, creator of Sweet Valley High and author of the New York Times bestselling Sweet Valley Confidential, comes the sixth installment of the groundbreaking, six part, E original serial, The Sweet Life, continuing the adventures of beautiful blonde twins Jessica and Elizabeth Wakefield and the gang from Sweet Valley. Three years after the events of Sweet Valley Confidential, Elizabeth and Jessica Wakefield are back in Sweet Valley and inseparable once more. But Jessica, now a mother, finds herself in grave danger when a man she trusts betrays her. Lila Fowler's shocking secret comes to light. Elizabeth learns the dark origins of the scandal that's ravaged Bruce's life, but is it too late? Sweet Valley fans, new and old, will be shocked and scandalized by this full throttle finale!"
"Double Love Sweet Valley High 1 by Francine Pascal Kate William. Who will Todd choose the glamorous Jessica or the gentle Elizabeth? Elizabeth and Jessica Wakefield are identical twins beautiful, blonde, perfect but they couldn't be more different from each other. Elizabeth is friendly, good natured, and kind, and the complete opposite of her clever, conniving sister. Jessica believes the world revolves around her...and the problem is that most of the time it does. Jessica always gets what she wants at school, amongst her friends, and especially with boys. This time, she's got her eye on Todd Wilkins, the good looking star of Sweet Valley High's basketball team and the one boy Elizabeth really likes. Now the twins are in a game of double love, with Todd as first prize. Will Elizabeth fight for the Todd? What will Jessica stoop to in order to get what she wants? Can the bonds of sisterhood stand up to the pangs of a broken heart? Welcome to Sweet Valley High... the beloved series by Francine Pascal."
Happily Ever After Sweet Valley High 134 by Francine Pascal Kate William. No description available
Forbidden Love Sweet Valley High 34 by Francine Pascal Kate William. The secret engagement between Maria Santelli and Michael Harris is threatened by their families' enmity and by Michael's possessiveness and jealousy
Control Freak SVH Senior Year 35 by Francine Pascal. No description available
Mosquito Bite by Alexandra Siy Dennis Kunkel. No description available
Love Bites Argeneau 2 by Lynsay Sands. No description available
Nigella Bites From Family Meals to Elegant Dinners Easy Delectable Recipes for Any Occasion by Nigella Lawson Francesca Yorke. No description available
The Pursuit of History by John Tosh Sean Lang. No description available
Vegas Bites A Werewolf Romance Anthology by L.A. Banks J.M. Jeffries Seressie Glass Natalie Dunbar. No description available
A Bite to Remember Argeneau 5 by Lynsay Sands. No description available
Boys that Bite Blood Coven Vampire 1 by Mari Mancusi. No description available
A Quick Bite Argeneau 1 by Lynsay Sands. No description available
Bite Club Bite Club 1 by Howard Chaykin David Tischman David Hahn. No description available
Last Bite by Nancy Verde Barr. No description available
Bite Me! An Unofficial Guide to the World of Buffy the Vampire Slayer by Nikki Stafford. No description available
Small Bites Big Nights Seductive Little Plates for Intimate Occasions and Lavish Parties by Govind Armstrong Lisa Romerein Tyler Florence. No description available
Plants Bite Back! DK Readers by Richard Platt. No description available
Last Wish Sweet Valley High by Francine Pascal. No description available
"Starting Over Sweet Valley High 33 by Francine Pascal Kate William. Jessica would stop at nothing... Gorgeous but ruthless, Jessica Wakefield is determined to be the chosen queen of Sweet Valley High's fall dance this year. Once she's crowned queen, surely Bruce Patman, the most popular boy in school, will finally notice her. And the only person standing in her way is Enid Rollins, Elizabeth's best friend. But when Jessica uncovers a secret about Enid's past, she knows the crown is within reach. She doesn't care that revealing the secret could cost Enid both her reputation and boy she loves. Can Elizabeth save Enid from Jessica's vicious gossip? Can she stop her scheming twin in time? From bestselling author Francine Pascal."
Dear Sister Sweet Valley High 7 by Francine Pascal Kate William. No description available
Don't Wait for Your Ship to Come In... Swim Out to Meet It! Bite Sized Inspirations to Help You Achieve Your Dreams by John Mason. No description available
"Magic Bites Kate Daniels 1 by Ilona Andrews. Ilona Andrews invites you to experience the first novel in the 1 New York Times bestselling series featuring the intriguing fantasy world of mercenary Kate Daniels Kate Daniels is a down on her luck mercenary who makes her living cleaning up magical problems. But when Kate s guardian is murdered, her quest for justice draws her into a power struggle between two strong factions within Atlanta s magic circles. Pressured by both sides to find the killer, Kate realizes she s way our of her league but she wouldn t want it any other way This edition includes in depth information about the world of Kate Daniels with descriptions of its characters and factions. Explore Kate s Atlanta like never before with a quiz to find your place there and with answers to frequently asked questions. And don t miss the prequel story A Questionable Client as well as scenes of events in Magic Bites from Curran s point of view."
The Secret Garden by Frances Hodgson Burnett Graham Rust. No description available
The Secret Garden by Frances Hodgson Burnett Scott McKowen. No description available
The Secret Garden Coloring Book by Brian Doherty Frances Hodgson Burnett Thea Kliros. No description available
A Little Princess by Frances Hodgson Burnett Scott McKowen. No description available
A Little Princess by Tania Zamorsky Frances Hodgson Burnett Lucy Corvino Arthur Pober. No description available
The Little Princesses by Marion Crawford Jennie Bond. No description available
Laura Ingalls Wilder Country The People and places in Laura Ingalls Wilder's life and books by William Anderson Leslie A. Kelly. No description available
The Collected Works of C.S. Lewis by C.S. Lewis Michael Hauge. No description available
Pedro P ramo by Juan Rulfo. No description available
Pedro P ramo El Llano en llamas by Juan Rulfo. No description available
Pedro Paramo El Llano En Llamas by Juan Rulfo. No description available
Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens Peter and Wendy by J.M. Barrie Peter Hollindale. No description available
Walt Disney's Peter Pan A Little Golden Book by Walt Disney Company Al Dempster. No description available
Peter Pan And Wendy by J.M. Barrie Ken Geist. No description available
Peter Pan by J.M. Barrie Tim Curry. No description available
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain. No description available
Alice in Wonderland Hunting of the Snark by Lewis Carroll Donald J. Gray. No description available
Holes by Louis Sachar. No description available
Rabbit Hole by David Lindsay Abaire. No description available
A Magic Crystal? Marvin Redpost by Louis Sachar. No description available
Holes Holes 1 by Louis Sachar. No description available
Super Fast Out of Control by Louis Sachar. No description available
The Anthology at the End of the Universe Leading Science Fiction Authors on Douglas Adams' The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Glenn Yeffeth Don DeBrandt Cory Doctorow Bruce Bethke Adam Roberts Lawrence Watt Evans Selina Rosen Mark W. Tiedemann Jacqueline Carey Susan Sizemore Vox Day Stephen Baxter A.M. Dellamonica Marguerite Krause John Shirley Adam Troy Castro Amy Berner Maria Alexander Marie Catherine Caillava Mike Byrne. No description available
The Feminine Mystique by Betty Friedan Anna Quindlen. No description available
Betty Friedan and the Making of The Feminine Mystique The American Left the Cold War and Modern Feminism by Daniel Horowitz. No description available
James Herriot's Treasury for Children Warm and Joyful Tales by the Author of All Creatures Great and Small by James Herriot Ruth Brown Peter Barrett. No description available
James Herriot's Dog Stories by James Herriot Victor G. Ambrus. No description available
The Real James Herriot A Memoir of My Father by Jim Wight. No description available
The Lord God Made Them All by James Herriot. No description available
Who Was Mark Twain? by April Jones Prince Nancy Harrison John O'Brien. No description available
Roughing It by Mark Twain Henry B. Wonham. No description available
The Complete Essays of Mark Twain by Mark Twain Charles Neider. No description available
Death of a Salesman by Arthur Miller. No description available
The Portable Arthur Miller by Arthur Miller Harold Clurman Christopher Bigsby. No description available
Collected Plays 1944 1961 by Arthur Miller Tony Kushner. No description available
Incident at Vichy by Arthur Miller. No description available
Discovering Great Artists Hands On Art for Children in the Styles of the Great Masters by MaryAnn F. Kohl Kim Solga Rebecca Van Slyke. No description available
The Portable Thomas Jefferson by Thomas Jefferson Merrill D. Peterson. No description available
Autobiography of Thomas Jefferson by Thomas Jefferson. No description available
Juan Rulfo's Mexico by Juan Rulfo Carlos Fuentes Margo Glantz Jorge Alberto Lozoya Eduardo Rivero V ctor Jim nez E. Billeter. No description available
Pedro P ramo by Juan Rulfo Margaret Sayers Peden Susan Sontag. No description available
The Burning Plain and Other Stories by Juan Rulfo Kermit Oliver George D. Schade. No description available
Laughter and Tears A Family's Journey to Understanding the Autism Spectrum by Ann Hewetson. No description available
The Irish Anatomist A Study of Flann O'Brien by Keith Donohue. No description available
Quito 1599 City and Colony in Transition by Kris Lane Lyman L. Johnson. No description available
1599 A Year in the Life of William Shakespeare by James Shapiro. No description available
Stranger from the Past by Penny Jordan. No description available
The Olive Farm A Memoir of Life Love and Olive Oil in the South of France by Carol Drinkwater. No description available
Confederates in the Attic Dispatches from the Unfinished Civil War by Tony Horwitz. No description available
Convergence Culture Where Old and New Media Collide by Henry Jenkins. No description available
The Sling and the Stone On War in the 21st Century by Thomas X. Hammes. No description available
Mistletoe by Hailey Abbott Melissa de la Cruz Aimee Friedman Nina Malkin. No description available
The Guide to Hollywood and Beverly Hills by Charles Lockwood. No description available
Follow Your Heart's Vegetarian Soup Cookbook by Janice Cook Migliaccio. No description available
"Your Best Friend's Boyfriend Follow Your Heart 1 by J.E. Bright. Nisha has always been a good Tamil daughter. She tries to keep her grades up so she can meet her parents' high expectations of her. They want her to become a doctor or an engineer, and of course she is not allowed to be in a romantic relationship while she is still a teenager. Nisha has discovered that what she really loves to do is write. As she devotes more of her time and attention to her creative writing class, she also finds that who she really loves is her classmate Todd. How can Nisha get her parents to understand that she needs to live her own life? And when she has to choose between her dreams of life on her own terms and being with Todd, how can Nisha decide where her true feelings lie?"
Follow Your Heart by Susanna Tamaro John T. Cullen. No description available
Naughty Little Secret by Shayla Black Shelley Bradley. No description available
No Accident Little Secrets 2 by Emily Blake. No description available
Dirty Little Secrets Marisela Morales Dirty 1 by Julie Leto. What have Jason and Raleigh been up to after Kendall's untimely death? Has Jason learned the value of a woman? Has Raleigh found what she had been looking for...love? Have you wondered what Faith and Torrie been up to since graduation and the killing of Shaky? What will life be like when Jason and Raleigh meet Faith and Torrie? Will a solid friendship be established or will other Dirty Secrets come out?
Dirty Little Secrets by Joy King. No description available
Three Little Secrets MacLachlan Family 4 by Liz Carlyle. No description available
Lori's Little Secret Bravo Family 15 Bravo Family Ties Miniseries 3 by Christine Rimmer. No description available
The Day My Butt Went Psycho by Andy Griffiths Miles Thompson. No description available
Just Disgusting! by Andy Griffiths Terry Denton. No description available
"Thorn in Her Side The Princess School 7 by Jane B. Mason Sarah Hines Stephens. Senior year is hard enough. Add in demons, a sleeping curse, and an unwanted prince completely determined to marry you and what do you get? Chaos. All Riley Owens wants is to get into a good college, survive her last year of high school and hang out with her friends. Now, she'll have to fight her way through thorns to get there, but with her two best friends, some snacks, and a little bit of magic, she might just be able to do it. This time around, Sleeping Beauty is ready to save herself."
The Princess of the Chalet School by Elinor M. Brent Dyer. No description available
The Princess Diaries The Princess Diaries 1 by Meg Cabot. No description available
Let Down Your Hair by Jane B. Mason Sarah Hines Stephens. No description available
"Awakening Chasing Yesterday 1 by Robin Wasserman. For use in schools and libraries only. Thirteen year old J.D. struggles to understand who she is, where she came from, and why she has nightmares."
Betrayal Chasing Yesterday 2 by Robin Wasserman. No description available
Fun Home A Family Tragicomic by Alison Bechdel. No description available
Second Home Finding Your Place in the Fun Better Homes and Gardens by Denny Caringer Better Homes and Gardens. No description available
Six Frigates The Epic History of the Founding of the U. S. Navy by Ian W. Toll. No description available
Power Sex Suicide Mitochondria and the Meaning of Life by Nick Lane. No description available
Die Tageb cher einer Nanny by Emma McLaughlin Nicola Kraus. No description available
1491 New Revelations of the Americas Before Columbus by Charles C. Mann. No description available
Saint Ignatius Loyola The Pilgrim Years 1491 1538 by James Brodrick. No description available
Deep Storm Jeremy Logan 1 by Lincoln Child. No description available
Death Match by Lincoln Child. No description available
Reliquary Pendergast 2 by Douglas Preston Lincoln Child. No description available
The Cabinet of Curiosities Pendergast 3 by Douglas Preston Lincoln Child. No description available
"Still Life With Crows Pendergast 4 by Douglas Preston Lincoln Child. When a series of murders strikes small town Kansas, FBI Special Agent Pendergast must track down a killer or a curse either way, no one is safe. A small Kansas town has turned into a killing ground. Is it a serial killer, a man with the need to destroy? Or is it a darker force, a curse upon the land? Amid golden cornfields, FBI Special Agent Pendergast discovers evil in the blood of America's heartland. No one is safe."
Dancing on My Grave by Gelsey Kirkland Greg Lawrence. No description available
Dancing on His Grave A True Story of Survival and Triumph by Barbara Richard. No description available
I Don't Know How She Does It Kate Reddy 1 by Allison Pearson. No description available
Perfect Girls Starving Daughters The Frightening New Normalcy of Hating Your Body by Courtney E. Martin. No description available
The 21 Success Secrets of Self Made Millionaires How to Achieve Financial Independence Faster and Easier Than You Ever Thought Possible by Brian Tracy. No description available
The Cake Book by Tish Boyle John Uher. No description available
Grand Finales A Modernist View of Plated Desserts by Tish Boyle Timothy Moriarty. No description available
The Making of the Fittest DNA and the Ultimate Forensic Record of Evolution by Sean B. Carroll Jamie W. Carroll Leanne M. Olds. No description available
"The Bride Finder St. Leger 1 by Susan Carroll. Chosen by the Bride Finder, a man blessed with amazing insight, Madeline Breton has come to Cornwall to meet her new husband, the enigmatic Anatole St. Leger. But her dream of happiness soon diffuses in his overpowering shadow. Anatole knows only too well the legacies that to him have been more curses than gifts. But as Madeline embarks on an odyssey both otherworldly and undeniably real, she and her husband fall hopelessly in love until she sees a haunting vision of murder and a terrifying enemy emerges to threaten both their lives. . . ."
The Courtesan The Dark Queen Saga 2 by Susan Carroll. No description available
Giovanni and Lusanna Love and Marriage in Renaissance Florence by Gene A. Brucker. No description available
The Collected Poetry 1968 1998 by Nikki Giovanni Virginia C. Fowler. No description available
Mozart's Don Giovanni the Dover Opera Libretto Series by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart Lorenzo Da Ponte Ellen H. Bleiler. No description available
Love Poems by Nikki Giovanni. No description available
Rosa by Nikki Giovanni Bryan Collier. No description available
The covert war against rock what you don't know about the deaths of Jim Morrison Tupac Shakur Michael Hutchence Brian Jones Jimi Hendrix Phil Ochs Bob Marley Peter Tosh John Lennon The Notorious B.I.G by Alex Constantine. No description available
Gale Gand's Short Sweet Quick Desserts with Eight Ingredients or Less by Gale Gand Julia Moskin Tim Turner. No description available
What Angels Fear Sebastian St. Cyr 1 by C.S. Harris. No description available
Breaking Free from Compulsive Eating by Geneen Roth. No description available
When Food Is Love Exploring the Relationship Between Eating and Intimacy by Geneen Roth. No description available
You're Born an Original Don't Die a Copy! by John Mason. No description available
Orin Aoraiosaa Songs for Selected Heads by John Mason. No description available
Guide to Stress Reduction by L. John Mason. No description available
La m quina de follar by Charles Bukowski. No description available
Getting a Grip on the Basics Building a Firm Foundation for the Victorious Christian Life by Beth A. Jones. No description available
Freedom Riders John Lewis and Jim Zwerg on the Front Lines of the Civil Rights Movement by Ann Bausum. No description available
The Milagro Beanfield War by John Nichols. No description available
The Magic Journey by John Nichols. No description available
Captain Slaughterboard Drops Anchor by Mervyn Peake. No description available
Hide and Seek with Angels The Life of J.M. Barrie by Lisa Chaney. No description available
The Hunted Vampire Huntress 3 by L.A. Banks. No description available
The Bitten Vampire Huntress 4 by L.A. Banks. No description available
"The Forsaken Vampire Huntress 7 by L.A. Banks. Banks spins a head bendingly complex tale of passion, mythology, war, and love that lasts till the grave and beyond . . . devoted fans should relish this new chapter in a promising series."
Minion Vampire Huntress 1 by L.A. Banks. No description available
The Awakening Vampire Huntress 2 by L.A. Banks. No description available
The Forbidden Vampire Huntress 5 by L.A. Banks. No description available
The Damned Vampire Huntress 6 by L.A. Banks. No description available
Brand New Justice How Branding Places and Products Can Help the Developing World by Simon Anholt. No description available
Katie's Big Move Junior Gymnasts 2 by Teddy Slater Wayne Alfano. No description available
Amanda's Unlucky Day Junior Gymnasts 6 by Teddy Slater Wayne Alfano. No description available
Beat That! Cookbook by Ann Hodgman. No description available
Stake That Blood Coven Vampire 2 by Mari Mancusi. No description available
Sk8er Boy First Kiss Club 1 by Mari Mancusi. No description available
Bride Groom A Dog Lover's Mystery 16 by Susan Conant Maxwell Award. No description available
Stud Rites A Dog Lover's Mystery 9 by Susan Conant. No description available
The Dogfather A Dog Lover's Mystery 15 by Susan Conant. No description available
Steamed A Gourmet Girl Mystery 1 by Jessica Conant Park Susan Conant. No description available
"Paws Before Dying A Dog Lover's Mystery 4 by Susan Conant. When Rose Engleman is found dead after a thunder storm, lightning is blamed. But soon Holly Winter starts to think it wasn't an act of God that killed the elderly woman. Was it an act of vengeance? Jealousy? Hatred? Greed?"
A New Leash on Death A Dog Lover's Mystery 1 by Susan Conant. No description available
"Scratch the Surface A Cat Lover's Mystery 1 by Susan Conant. The author of a popular series of cat mysteries, Felicity Pride turns sleuth when she finds a cat and a corpse on her doorstep, investigating suspects that range from an avid pet hater and a highbrow professor to her primary rival in the field."
Corvette by Jerry Burton. No description available
Lucifer's Shadow by David Hewson. No description available
The Key by Lynsay Sands. No description available
The Deed Deed 1 by Lynsay Sands. No description available
The Chase Deed 3 by Lynsay Sands. No description available
Bliss by Lynsay Sands. No description available
The Perfect Wife by Lynsay Sands. No description available
Sweet Revenge by Lynsay Sands. No description available
The Reluctant Reformer by Lynsay Sands. No description available
Love Is Blind by Lynsay Sands. No description available
Standard Catalog of Smith Wesson by Jim Supica Richard Nahas. No description available
Korea's Place in the Sun A Modern History by Bruce Cumings. No description available
Mighty Love by Howard Chaykin. No description available
Challengers of the Unknown Stolen Moments Borrowed Time by Howard Chaykin Michelle Madsen. No description available
Black Kiss by Howard Chaykin. No description available
Son of Superman by Howard Chaykin David Tischman J.H. Williams III Mick Gray Lee Loughridge. No description available
Castle Diary The Journal of Tobias Burgess by Richard Platt Chris Riddell. No description available
Disaster! Catastrophes That Shook the World by Richard Bonson Richard Platt. No description available
Stephen Biesty's Incredible Explosions by Stephen Biesty Richard Platt. No description available
The Burglar Who Thought He Was Bogart Bernie Rhodenbarr 7 by Lawrence Block. No description available
"Hit Parade John Keller 3 by Lawrence Block. Introspective professional assassin John Keller, the anti hero of Hit Man and Hit List, continues to ponder his life, the ethics of his lethal career, and his possible retirement as he returns in an all new mystery adventure. 100,000 first printing."
The Girl with the Long Green Heart by Lawrence Block. No description available
"The Burglar Who Painted Like Mondrian Bernie Rhodenbarr 5 by Lawrence Block. It's not that used bookstore owner and part time burglar Bernie Rhodenbarr believes the less legal of his two professions is particularly ethical. It is, however, a rush, and he is very good at it. He just thinks it's unfair to face a prison term for his legitimate activities. After appraising the worth of a rich man's library conveniently leaving his fingerprints everywhere in the process Bernie finds he's the cops' prime suspect when his client is murdered. Someone has framed Bernie Rhodenbarr better than they do it at the Whitney. And if he wants to get out of this corner he's been masterfully painted into, he'll have to get to the bottom of a rather artful if multiply murderous scam."
"The Burglar Who Liked to Quote Kipling Bernie Rhodenbarr 3 by Lawrence Block. Bernie Rhodenbarr has gone legit almost as the new owner of a used bookstore in New York's Greenwich Village. Of course, dusty old tomes don't always turn a profit, so to make ends meet, Bernie's forced, on occasion, to indulge in his previous occupation burglary. Besides which, he likes it. Now a collector is offering Bernie an opportunity to combine his twin passions by stealing a very rare and very bad book length poem from a rich man's library. The heist goes off without a hitch. The delivery of the ill gotten volume, however, is a different story. Drugged by the client's female go between, Bernie wakes up in her apartment to find the book gone, the lady dead, a smoking gun in his hand, and the cops at the door. And suddenly he's got to extricate himself from a rather sticky real life murder mystery and find a killer before he's booked for Murder One."
"Out on the Cutting Edge Matthew Scudder 7 by Lawrence Block. A powerful Matt Scudder novel about love and loss. Matthew Scudder is hired to find Paula Hoeldtke. Hot on the ice cold trail of the missing girl, he finds it's a sleaze and terror playground in which he is looking for love in all the wrong places, and finding death in all the right ones."
Writing the Novel From Plot to Print by Lawrence Block. No description available
"The Burglar Who Traded Ted Williams Bernie Rhodenbarr 6 by Lawrence Block. Five novels in the unforgettable Bernie Rhodenbarr series. THE BURGLAR WHO TRADED TED WILLIAMS Bernie Rhodenbarr is trying to make an honest living, but when his new landlord raises the rent, there's only one thing left for a reformed burglar to do. On his first night back on the job, Bernie finds not only a stash of cash but a very dead body. Yet the next day the police are blaming him for a different burglary. To prove himself 'innocent', Bernie's got to pull out all his master skills to uncover a scheme he should have been smart enough to avoid, or at least get a piece of... THE BURGLAR WHO THOUGHT HE WAS BOGART Of all the bookstores in the world, she walked into his. That's where Bernie Rhodenbarr met the woman of his dreams, the alluring Ilona. Both fans of Bogart films, the two begin spending every night together. Then a tempting offer sees Bernie back on the job. But when his employer is killed and Ilona goes missing, Bernie finds himself on the tail of an elusive killer. THE BURGLAR IN THE LIBRARY Bernie rarely ventures outside Manhattan but he's excited by the prospect of a getaway at a remote upstate B B. That is until there's an isolating snowstorm, downed phone lines, the surprise arrival of his lover and her new husband, and a steadily increasing body count. And it's up to Bernie to figure out who did it or be the next one to die. THE BURGLAR IN THE RYE Bernie is on the prowl again, but after his latest employer is murdered, he begins to wonder if he's been set up by a criminal one who is almost as clever as he is. THE BURGLAR ON THE PROWL What starts out as an easy job soon sees Bernie in big trouble. And this time it includes his arrest, no less than four murders, and more outrageous coincidences than any self preserving felon should ever be required to tie together."
Gilda Joyce Psychic Investigator Gilda Joyce 1 by Jennifer Allison. No description available
Boeing Versus Airbus The Inside Story of the Greatest International Competition in Business by John Newhouse. No description available
Fabulous Small Jews by Joseph Epstein. No description available
Feast Food to Celebrate Life by Nigella Lawson. No description available
How to Be a Domestic Goddess Baking and the Art of Comfort Cooking by Nigella Lawson Petrina Tinslay. No description available
How to Be a Domestic Goddess Baking and the Art of Comfort Cooking by Nigella Lawson. No description available
Forever Summer by Nigella Lawson. No description available
programming.java An Introduction to Programming Using Java An Introduction to Programming Using Java by Rick Decker Stuart Hirshfield. No description available
The American Campaign U.S. Presidential Campaigns and the National Vote by James E. Campbell. No description available
The Anglo Saxons by James Campbell Eric John Patrick Wormald. No description available
The Final Frontiersman Heimo Korth and His Family Alone in Alaska's Arctic Wilderness by James Campbell. No description available
The Untamed One Wild Wulfs of London 2 by Ronda Thompson. No description available
The Cursed One Wild Wulfs of London 3 by Ronda Thompson. No description available
The Dark One Wild Wulfs of London 1 by Ronda Thompson. No description available
Call of the Moon by Ronda Thompson. No description available
Bad Fearless 13 by Francine Pascal. I FINALLY HAVE SAM. I FINALLY HAVE A FAMILY. I FINALLY HAVE A WAY OUT. WHAT'S SO BAD ABOUT THAT?
Fear Fearless 23 by Francine Pascal. No description available
Twisted Fearless 4 by Francine Pascal. David. Intriguing. Intelligent. Pensive. Penetrating. Mysterious. Dangerous. And interested. But most importantly... He's not Sam. NO RULES. NO LIMITS. NO FEAR.
Run Fearless 3 by Francine Pascal. No description available
Killer Fearless 12 by Francine Pascal. No description available
Alone Fearless 22 by Francine Pascal. They say that you only hurt the ones you love. So I guess that means I can't get hurt. Nobody's close enough to hurt me. And nobody ever will be again.
Tears Fearless 15 by Francine Pascal. No description available
The Shawshank Redemption by Mark Kermode Rob White. No description available
The Shawshank Redemption The Shooting Script by Frank Darabont Stephen King. No description available
The Real Frank Zappa Book by Frank Zappa Peter Occhiogrosso. No description available
Homegrown Democrat A Few Plain Thoughts from the Heart of America by Garrison Keillor. No description available
Good Poems for Hard Times by Garrison Keillor Charles Bukowski Robert Burns Hayden Carruth Raymond Carver Billy Collins No l Coward Carl Dennis E.E. Cummings Emily Dickinson Stephen Dobyns Fleur Adcock John Donne Rita Dove Stephen Dunn Lawrence Ferlinghetti Robert Frost Erica Funkhouser Donald Hall Patricia Hampl Thomas Hardy Jim Harrison W.H. Auden Jennifer Michael Hecht David Ignatow John Keats X.J. Kennedy Jane Kenyon Galway Kinnell Maxine Kumin Kate Light Henry Wadsworth Longfellow Louis MacNeice Hilaire Belloc Herman Melville W.S. Merwin Edna St. Vincent Millay Howard Nemerov Sharon Olds Mary Oliver Grace Paley Lawrence Raab Kenneth Rexroth Wendell Berry Carl Sandburg John Berryman Elizabeth Bishop William Blake Philip Booth Virginia Hamilton Adair Liesl Mueller. No description available
Good Poems by Garrison Keillor. No description available
Managers Not MBAs A Hard Look at the Soft Practice of Managing and Management Development by Henry Mintzberg. No description available
Hell No We Won't Go! Resisting the Draft During the Vietnam War by Sherry Gershon Gottlieb. No description available
Marsha Is Only a Flower Marsha 2 by Barbara Bottner. No description available
Almond Cookies Dragon Well Tea by Cynthia Chin Lee Youshan Tang. No description available
The Empire of Ice Cream by Jeffrey Ford Jonathan Carroll. No description available
The Fantasy Writer's Assistant and Other Stories by Jeffrey Ford. No description available
Memoranda by Jeffrey Ford Jacques Guiod. No description available
The Mystical Poems of Rumi 1 First Selection Poems 1 200 by Rumi A.J. Arberry. No description available
Ruby Gloom's Guide to Friendship by Matt Riser Martin Hsu. No description available
Slouching Toward Nirvana by Charles Bukowski John Martin. No description available
Mockingbird Wish Me Luck by Charles Bukowski. No description available
Seventeen and In Between by Barthe DeClements. No description available
How Do You Lose Those Ninth grade Blues? by Barthe DeClements. No description available
"The Man Who Smiled Kurt Wallander 4 by Henning Mankell Laurie Thompson. The 1 international bestselling tale of greed, violence, and corporate power from the master of Scandinavian noir One of his best The Times, London . After killing a man in the line of duty, Inspector Kurt Wallander finds himself deep in a personal and professional crisis during more than a year of sick leave, he turns to drink and vice to quiet his lingering demons. Once he pulls himself together, he vows to quit the Ystad police force for good just before a friend who had asked Wallander to look into the death of his father winds up dead himself, shot three times. Far from leaving police work behind, Wallander instead must investigate a formidable suspect a powerful business tycoon at the helm of a multinational company engaged in extralegal activities. Ann Britt H glund, the department s first female detective, proves to be Wallander s best ally as he tries to pierce the smiling fa ade of the suspicious mogul. But just as he comes close to uncovering the truth, Wallander finds his own life being threatened. In this exquisitely plotted thriller, Henning Mankell s mastery of the modern police procedural which has earned him legions of fans worldwide and inspired the BBC show Wallander starring Kenneth Branagh is on vivid display Publishers Weekly . This is crime fiction of the highest order. Publishers Weekly, starred review Compelling . . . Skillfully plotted and suspenseful. . . . A thriller for the thinking reader. The Dallas Morning News Mankell s novels are a joy. USA Today Absorbing. . . . In the masterly manner of P.D. James, Mankell projects his hero s brooding thoughts onto nature itself. The New York Times Wallander is a loveable gumshoe. . . . He is one of the most credible creations in contemporary crime fiction. The Guardian"
"Before the Frost Linda Wallander 1 by Henning Mankell Ebba Segerberg. Linda Wallander is bored. Just graduated from the police academy, she is waiting to start work at the Ystad police station and move into her own apartment. Meanwhile, she's living with her father and, like fathers and daughters everywhere, they ar..."
"The Dogs of Riga Kurt Wallander 2 by Henning Mankell Laurie Thompson. When a life raft carrying the bodies of two Eastern European criminals washes up on the Swedish coastline, Inspector Kurt Wallender travels to Riga, Latvia, where he struggles against corruption and deceit and risks his own life to uncover the truth."
Sidetracked Kurt Wallander 5 by Henning Mankell Steven T. Murray. No description available
The Return of the Dancing Master by Henning Mankell Laurie Thompson. No description available
"One Step Behind Kurt Wallander 7 by Henning Mankell Ebba Segerberg. Sweden s most tenacious detective races to unlock the twisted logic behind a madman s crimes Lyrical, meticulous, and stunningly suspenseful St. Petersburg Times . On Midsummer s Eve, three friends gather in a secluded meadow in Sweden. In the beautifully clear twilight, they don eighteenth century costumes and begin a secret role play. But an uninvited guest soon brings their performance to a gruesome conclusion. His approach is careful his aim is perfect. Three bullets, three corpses. And his plans have only just begun to take shape. Meanwhile, Inspector Kurt Wallander is just back from vacation. Constantly fatigued, he soon learns his health is at risk but there s no time for rest when a fellow officer is murdered. Wallander soon discovers that the two grisly crimes are connected. A serial killer is on the loose, and the only lead is a photograph of a strange woman no one in Sweden seems to know. Forced to dig into the personal life of a trusted colleague, Wallander steps into a nightmare worse than any he could have imagined. Can he find his way out of the darkness before it s too late? A pulse pounding thriller and an incisive investigation into the mysteries of human nature, One Step Behind is typical of the dense, intricate intelligence that Mankell brings to detection and crime writing The Washington Post Book World ."
The White Lioness Kurt Wallander 3 by Henning Mankell Laurie Thompson. No description available
Black Like Us A Century of Lesbian Gay and Bisexual African American Fiction by Devon W. Carbado Evelyn C. White Dwight A. McBride Donald Weise. No description available
Dogged Pursuit Jack and Jamie 5 by Lee Charles Kelley. No description available
"To Collar a Killer Jack and Jamie 3 by Lee Charles Kelley. A witty, fast paced whodunit starring a Maine dog trainer who plays a game of fetch and winds up framed for murder Shirley Rousseau Murphy, author of the Joe Grey Cat Mysteries . One of kennel owner Jack Field s favorite pastimes is spending quality time with a fun loving pooch which is why he s playing fetch with a Corgi named Tipper instead of mingling with humans at a July 4th shindig. But when Tipper returns with a bloodstained boating cap in his teeth, the ex New York cop decides to investigate . . . and finds an anonymous dead body clutching the tennis ball Jack tossed away moments before. The local law think Jack s the killer, since he had the opportunity and, as it turns out, a motive. Even his loyal and lovely fianc e, sometime medical examiner Dr. Jamie Cutter, is troubled by evidence that contradicts Jack s tale. Someone s going to great lengths to frame Jack Field, and he s determined to find out why even though everyone from a powerful tycoon to a Miami drug lord to a whole passel of professional killers, is equally determined to see him doggoned dead . . . Praise for the series Action a plenty, and lots of humor. Bookloons Engrossing. Delia Ephron, New York Times bestselling author of Left on Tenth"
A Nose for Murder Jack and Jamie 1 by Lee Charles Kelley. No description available
"Murder Unleashed Jack and Jamie 2 by Lee Charles Kelley. Perpetrator Pooch Kennel owner and ex big city cop Jack Field cares more about dogs than he does about people with the exception of his lady love, sexy local medical examiner Dr. Jamie Cutter."
His Princess Devotional A Royal Encounter With Your King by Sheri Rose Shepherd. No description available
How to Be Happy All the Time by Paramahansa Yogananda. No description available
Illuminata A Return to Prayer by Marianne Williamson. No description available
Ten Kids No Pets by Ann M. Martin. No description available
Encyclopedia of an Ordinary Life by Amy Krouse Rosenthal. No description available
The OK Book by Amy Krouse Rosenthal Tom Lichtenheld. No description available
Grey Eminence by Aldous Huxley. No description available
Arms and Armor A Pictorial Archive from Nineteenth Century Sources by Carol Belanger Grafton. No description available
Bittersweet Recipes and Tales from a Life in Chocolate by Alice Medrich Deborah Jones. No description available
Chocolate and the Art of Low Fat Desserts by Alice Medrich. No description available
A Year in Chocolate Four Seasons of Unforgettable Desserts by Alice Medrich. No description available
Cocolat Extraordinary Chocolate Desserts by Alice Medrich Patricia Brabant. No description available
The Bread Baker's Apprentice Mastering the Art of Extraordinary Bread by Peter Reinhart Ron Manville. No description available
Beach Blanket Bad Boys by Linda Lael Miller Alison Kent Lucy Monroe Jill Shalvis Susanna Carr Morgan Leigh. No description available
Epileptic by David B.. No description available
The Beauty Myth by Naomi Wolf. No description available
How to Read Literature Like a Professor by Thomas C. Foster. No description available
Reading Like a Writer A Guide for People Who Love Books and for Those Who Want to Write Them by Francine Prose. No description available
After by Francine Prose. No description available
Blue Angel by Francine Prose. No description available
Household Saints by Francine Prose. No description available
The Carl Hiaasen Collection Lucky You and Sick Puppy by Carl Hiaasen Edward Asner. No description available
He Came to Set the Captives Free by Rebecca Brown. No description available
A Long Way from Chicago A Long Way from Chicago 1 by Richard Peck. No description available
A Long Way from Chicago Saddleback's Focus on Reading Study Guides by Lisa S. French. No description available
The Dreadful Future of Blossom Culp Blossom Culp 3 by Richard Peck. No description available
A Year Down Yonder A Long Way from Chicago 2 by Richard Peck. No description available
Matilda by Roald Dahl Quentin Blake. No description available
Matilda Bone by Karen Cushman Trina Schart Hyman. No description available
The Full Matilda by David Haynes. No description available
Tuscan Countess The Life and Extraordinary Times of Matilda of Canossa by Michele K. Spike. No description available
The History of Rome Books 21 30 The War with Hannibal by Livy Aubrey de S lincourt Betty Radice. No description available
Hannibal by Theodore Ayrault Dodge Ian M. Cuthbertson. No description available
Hannibal's Children by John Maddox Roberts. No description available
Hannibal Crosses the Alps The Invasion of Italy the Second Punic War by John Prevas. No description available
Hannibal Enemy Of Rome by Leonard Cottrell. No description available
Goodman Gilman's the Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics by Laurence L. Brunton John S. Lazo Keith L. Parker. No description available
Young Goodman Brown and Other Short Stories by Nathaniel Hawthorne. No description available
A Patchwork Planet by Anne Tyler. No description available
A Slipping Down Life by Anne Tyler. No description available
The Hound of the Baskervilles Another Adventure of Sherlock Holmes with the Adventure of the Speckled Band by Arthur Conan Doyle Francis O'Gorman. No description available
The Hound of the Baskervilles by Patrick Nobes Arthur Conan Doyle Jennifer Bassett Tricia Hedge. No description available
The Alienist Dr. Laszlo Kreizler 1 by Caleb Carr. No description available
My Movie Business by John Irving. No description available
A Son of the Circus by Irving John. No description available
John Hammond on Record An Autobiography by John Hammond Irving Townsend. No description available
Always Remember Me How One Family Survived World War II by Marisabina Russo. No description available
Un r le qui me convient by Richard Russo Jean Luc Piningre. No description available
Monkeys by Susan Minot. No description available
Evening by Susan Minot. No description available
Three Genres Writing Fiction Literary Nonfiction Poetry and Drama by Stephen Minot. No description available
The Tiny One by Eliza Minot. No description available
Thunderstruck by Erik Larson. No description available
The Naked Consumer How Our Private Lives Become Public Commodities by Erik Larson. No description available
Artful Paper Dolls New Ways to Play with a Traditional Form by Terry Taylor. No description available
"The Meanest Doll in the World Doll People 2 by Ann M. Martin Laura Godwin Brian Selznick. Annabelle and Tiffany, dolls who are best friends living in the Palmer house, have an adventure when they hide in Kate Palmer's backpack, are carried to school, mistakenly go to another house, and try to stop Princess Mimi, a doll who threatens all dollkind."
Sacred Games Sacred Games by Vikram Chandra. No description available
Riding the Bus with My Sister A True Life Journey by Rachel Simon. No description available
Beatrice's Goat by Page McBrier Lori Lohstoeter Hillary Rodham Clinton. No description available
Leonardo's Swans by Karen Essex. No description available
The Notebooks of Leonardo da Vinci by Leonardo da Vinci Irma A. Richter. No description available
Leonardo da Vinci Obra pictorica completa y obra grafica by Frank Z llner Johannes Nathan Frank Z llner. No description available
Leonardo on Painting An Anthology of Writings by Leonardo da Vinci With a Selection of Documents Relating to his Career as an Artist by Leonardo da Vinci Martin Kemp. No description available
Bone In The Throat by Anthony Bourdain. No description available
Gone Bamboo by Anthony Bourdain. No description available
The Family That Couldn't Sleep A Medical Mystery by D.T. Max. No description available
Dear Genius The Letters of Ursula Nordstrom by Ursula Nordstrom Leonard S. Marcus Maurice Sendak. No description available
Dear Genius... A Memoir of My Life with Truman Capote by Jack Dunphy. No description available
Only Revolutions by Mark Z. Danielewski. No description available
The Whalestoe Letters by Mark Z. Danielewski. No description available
La Maison des feuilles by Mark Z. Danielewski Christophe Claro. No description available
The Thief The Queen's Thief 1 by Megan Whalen Turner. No description available
Instead of Three Wishes by Megan Whalen Turner. No description available
The Queen of Attolia The Queen's Thief 2 by Megan Whalen Turner. No description available
"The King of Attolia The Queen's Thief 3 by Megan Whalen Turner. 'Megan Whalen Turner is one of my all time favorite writers . . . impossible to put down' Holly Black, New York Times bestselling author of The Cruel Prince Through scheming and outright theft, the Thief of Eddis has become the King of Attolia. Eugenides wanted the queen, not the crown, but he finds himself trapped in a web of his own making. Despised by his court, and apparently his bride, Eugenides ensnares a na ve young guard in the web of intrigue that surrounds him. Struggling to find his footing, the guard, Costis, knows he's a pawn. What he doesn't know is how the king means to play the game . . . Praise for Megan Whalen Turner 'The Queen's Thief books awe and inspire me' Laini Taylor, New York Times bestselling author of the Daughter of Smoke and Bone novels and Strange the Dreamer 'Megan Whalen Turner writes vivid, immersive, heartbreaking fantasy' Leigh Bardugo, New York Times bestselling author of Six of Crows and Crooked Kingdom 'Endlessly entertaining, deeply deceptive, and very, very clever' Garth Nix, New York Times bestselling and award winning author of the Old Kingdom, Keys to the Kingdom, and Seventh Tower series 'Romance, intrigue, mystery, surprises, and sheer beautiful writing' Cassandra Clare, award winning and New York Times bestselling author of The Mortal Instruments and Lady Midnight 'The world Turner creates is so tangible that not only do I believe in its characters, I almost believe in its gods' Kristin Cashore, award winning and New York Times bestselling author of the Graceling Realm series"
Firebirds An Anthology of Original Fantasy and Science Fiction by Sharyn November Lloyd Alexander Emma Bull Charles Vess Michael Cadnum Kara Dalkey Nancy Farmer Nina Kiriki Hoffman Diana Wynne Jones Patricia A. McKillip Garth Nix Meredith Ann Pierce Delia Sherman Sherwood Smith Nancy Springer Megan Whalen Turner Elizabeth Wein Laurel Winter. No description available
Herzog on Herzog by Paul Cronin. No description available
Vesco by Arthur Herzog III. No description available
Encore Provence New Adventures in the South of France by Peter Mayle. No description available
Confessions of a French Baker Breadmaking Secrets Tips and Recipes by Peter Mayle Gerard Auzet. No description available
A Year in Provence by Peter Mayle. No description available
How to Breathe Underwater by Julie Orringer. No description available
The Crimson Petal and the White by Michel Faber. No description available
Maggie A Girl of the Streets and Other Short Fiction by Stephen Crane Jayne Anne Phillips. No description available
Maggie A Girl of the Streets and Other Tales of New York by Stephen Crane Larzer Ziff Theo Davis. No description available
"Kushiel's Scion Imriel's Trilogy 1 by Jacqueline Carey. KUSHIEL'S SCION Stolen, tortured and enslaved as a young boy, Imriel is now a Prince of the Blood third in line for the throne in a land that revels in art, beauty and desire. It is a court steeped in deeply laid conspiracies and there are many who would see the young prince dead. Some despise him out of hatred for his mother, Melisande, who nearly destroyed the entire realm in her quest for power. Others because they fear he has inherited his mother's irresistible allure and her dangerous gifts. As he comes of age, plagued by unwanted desires, Imriel shares their fears. The Prince must face his greatest test to find his true self. KUSHIEL'S JUSTICE After a year abroad to study at university, Imriel returns from his adventures a little older and somewhat wiser. But perhaps not wise enough. What was once a mere spark of interest between himself and his cousin Sidonie now ignites into a white hot blaze. But from commoner to peer, the whole realm would recoil from any alliance between Sidonie, heir to the throne, and Imriel, who bears the stigma of his mother's misdeeds and betrayals. Praying that their passion will peak and fade, Imriel and Sidonie embark on an intense, secret affair. When duty calls, Imriel honors his role as a member of the royal family by leaving to marry a lovely, if merely sweet, Alban princess. KUSHIEL'S MERCY Having paid dearly for ignoring Elua's edict to love as thou wilt, Imriel and Sidonie have finally come forward to publicly confess their love for each other only to watch the news ignite turmoil throughout the land. Those who are old enough cannot forget the misdeeds of Imriel's mother, Melisande, whose self serving lies plunged their country into war. In order to quell the uprising, Queen Ysandre hands down a decree she will not divide the lovers, but neither will she acknowledge them. And if they decide to marry, Sidonie will be disinherited. That is, unless Imriel can find his mother and bring her back to Terre D'Ange to be executed for treason."
Theft A Love Story by Peter Carey. No description available
Kushiel's Justice Imriel's Trilogy 2 by Jacqueline Carey. No description available
Dirty Jokes and Beer Stories of the Unrefined by Drew Carey. No description available
"Godslayer The Sundering 2 by Jacqueline Carey. Supreme Commander Lord Tanaros was once human. But he chose darkness and immortality when his wife betrayed him with his king. He killed them both, and fled the realms of Men and now cares nothing for their fates. A thousand years passed. His only allegiance is to his master, the dark god Satoris, who gave the gift of Life to the race of Men. Satoris, who rebelled against his elder brother God Haomane who had demanded that gift be taken away. Their fight cracked the very world in two the name of Satoris became the word for evil throughout all the races, while the legend of Tanaros is the seminal tale of treachery. And yet not all tales told are true. A final prophecy has begun to unfold, and the races are uniting in their quest to rid the world of Satoris. The elder gods and goddesses, stranded on the other side of the world, send dreams to spur all to destroy Satoris and Tanaros, but those loyal to their god know a different side of the story and try to defend their citadel of Darkhaven, where Satoris sits in sorrow, controlling his own dominion, seeking neither victory nor vengeance. Satoris's followers capture the beautiful Elvish princess Cerelinde, and without her the Allies cannot fulfill the prophecy. All who support Satoris clamor for her death but Satoris refuses to act like the monster that he is made out to be, for he recognizes in Cerelinde a spark of the love that he once bore for his fellow gods. She is a great danger to Satoris and a greater danger for Tanaros and all that he holds dear. For she reminds him that not all women need be false... and that though he may be immune to death, his heart is still very much mortal. Strong storytelling with evocative, compelling, and unforgettable characters, Godslayer is the thrilling conclusion to the events begun in Banewreaker, a haunting tale of love and loss that ultimately asks the question If all that is considered good considers you evil, are you? At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
Kushiel's Avatar Ph dre's Trilogy 3 by Jacqueline Carey. No description available
Angels Celestial Spirits in Legend Art by Jacqueline Carey. No description available
World Atlas of Great Apes and their Conservation by Julian Caldecott Lera Miles. No description available
The Great Ape Project Equality Beyond Humanity by Paola Cavalieri Peter Singer. No description available
Walking With the Great Apes Jane Goodall Dian Fossey Birute Galdikas by Sy Montgomery. No description available
The Nature of Play Great Apes and Humans by Anthony D. Pellegrini Peter K. Smith. No description available
Alvin Journeyman Tales of Alvin Maker 4 by Orson Scott Card. No description available
Star Trek Voyager Companion by Paul Ruditis. No description available
Dodge Caravan Plymouth Voyager Chrysler Town Country 96 02 Haynes Manuals by L. Alan LeDoux. No description available
Evolution Star Trek Voyager String Theory 3 by Heather Jarman. No description available
Masterpieces The Best Science Fiction of the Twentieth Century by Orson Scott Card Isaac Asimov William Gibson Michael Swanwick Theodore Sturgeon Larry Niven Robert Silverberg Harry Turtledove James Blish George R.R. Martin James Patrick Kelly Karen Joy Fowler Arthur C. Clarke Lloyd Biggle Jr. Terry Bisson Poul Anderson John Kessel R.A. Lafferty C.J. Cherryh Lisa Goldstein Edmond Hamilton Robert A. Heinlein Ursula K. Le Guin Ray Bradbury Frederik Pohl Harlan Ellison George Alec Effinger Brian W. Aldiss. No description available
"Earthborn Homecoming Saga 5 by Orson Scott Card. 'The fifth and last volume in Card's sprawling Homecoming saga. More than parable, not quite allegory, Card's far future religious saga manages, brilliantly, to be at once entertaining, unobjectionable, and edifying.' Kirkus Reviews 'The conclusion of the story, in which the first born son of a former priest and leader sees the evil he has caused and selects his future, is vintage Card and a joy to read.' Publishers Weekly High above the Earth orbits the starship Basilica. On board the huge vessel is a sleeping woman. Of those who made the journey, Shedemai alone has survived the hundreds of years since the Children of Wetchik returned to Earth. She now wears the Cloak of the Starmaster, and the Oversoul wakes her sometimes to watch over her descendants on the planet below. The population has grown rapidly there are cities and nations now, whole peoples descended from those who followed Nafai or Elemak. But in all the long years of searching, the Oversoul has not found the thing it sought. It has not found the Keeper of Earth, the central intelligence that alone can repair the Oversoul's damaged programming. The fifth and final volume in Card's majestic Homecoming saga. Books by Orson Scott Card Alvin Maker novels Seventh Son Red Prophet Prentice Alvin Alvin Journeyman Heartfire The Crystal City Ender Wiggin Saga Ender's Game Speaker for the Dead Xenocide Children of the Mind Ender in Exile Homecoming The Memory of the Earth The Call of the Earth The Ships of the Earth Earthfall Earthborn First Formic War with Aaron Johnston Earth Unaware Earth Afire Earth Awakens"
First Meetings In the Enderverse by Orson Scott Card. No description available
Wyrms by Orson Scott Card. No description available
The Abyss by Orson Scott Card James Francis Cameron. No description available
Shadow Puppets Shadow Series 3 by Orson Scott Card. No description available
Pastwatch The Redemption of Christopher Columbus by Orson Scott Card. No description available
This Is the Way the World Ends by James K. Morrow. No description available
Galapagos World's End by William Beebe. No description available
The Well At The World's End Volume I by William Morris Lin Carter. No description available
The Well at the World's End Volume II by William Morris. No description available
Lost Boys by Orson Scott Card. No description available
"The Worthing Saga Worthing 1 3 by Orson Scott Card. Orson Scott Card is a master of the art of storytelling Booklist , and The Worthing Saga is a story that only he could have written. It was a miracle of science that permitted human beings to live, if not forever, then for a long, long time. Some people, anyway. The rich, the powerful they lived their lives at the rate of one year every ten. Some created two societies that of people who lived out their normal span and died, and those who slept away the decades, skipping over the intervening years and events. It allowed great plans to be put in motion. It allowed interstellar Empires to be built. It came near to destroying humanity. After a long, long time of decadence and stagnation, a few seed ships were sent out to save our species. They carried human embryos and supplies, and teaching robots, and one man. The Worthing Saga is the story of one of these men, Jason Worthing, and the world he found for the seed he carried. At the Publisher's request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied."
The Rocky Road to Romance Elsie Hawkins 4 by Janet Evanovich. No description available
Love Overboard by Janet Evanovich. No description available
Back to the Bedroom Elsie Hawkins 1 by Janet Evanovich. No description available
"More Plums in One Stephanie Plum 4 6 by Janet Evanovich. More Plums in One. The adventures continue for Stephanie Plum, Trenton's best known bounty hunter, in these three Complete Plum Novels from 1 Bestselling Author Janet Evanovich! Four to Score Stephanie Plum is forced to enlist the help of Grandma Mazur, ex hooker and wannabe bounty hunter Lula, and transvestite rock musician Sally Sweet in an attempt to capture revenge seeking waitress Maxine Nowicki. Threatening messages, murder, firebombs, and archnemesis Joyce Barnhardt pale in comparison to the greatest danger of all when, homeless and broke, Stephanie and her hamster, Rex, move in with vice cop Joe Morelli. High Five Out of bail skippers and rent money, Stephanie throws caution to the wind and follows in the entrepreneurial bootsteps of Super Bounty Hunter Ranger, engaging in morally correct and marginally legal enterprises. Stephanie's problems escalate when homicidal rapist Benito Ramirez returns, her Uncle Fred disappears, a nasty bookie starts following her around town, and she has nothing to wear to the Mafia wedding. Hot Six Stephanie Plum and Trenton vice cop Joe Morelli join forces to find the madman killer who shot and barbecued the youngest son of international black market arms dealer Alexander Ramos. The man wanted for the crime is Carlos Manoso, street name Ranger. Minutes before the crime occurs, Ranger is caught on video, at the scene, with the victim. Bad enough Stephanie has to bring in the man who taught her everything she knows about fugitive apprehension, now her maternal grandmother has moved in and a dog with an eating disorder has adopted her. One unbeatable bestselling author. Three classic Stephanie Plum stories. Criminally original and stone brilliant, this Intermediate Bounty Hunting Survival Manual is blockbuster entertainment."
"Full Blast Full 4 by Janet Evanovich Charlotte Hughes. Jamie and Max battle a heat wave, a murderous villain, and nonstop attraction for each other."
"Metro Girl Alex Barnaby 1 by Janet Evanovich. In this 1 New York Times bestseller, Alex Barnaby roars onto the Miami Beach scene in hot pursuit of her missing baby brother and becomes involved in high speed car chases, a search for sunken treasure, and an amorous NASCAR driver."
To the Nines Stephanie Plum 9 by Janet Evanovich. No description available
"Full Speed Full 3 by Janet Evanovich Charlotte Hughes. Newspaper publisher Jamie Swift and millionaire playboy Max Holt pose as husband and wife to track down the story of a lifetime. They become involved with a corrupt minister, a gang of mobsters on the loose, a hound dog named Fleas, and a wise cracking computer whiz."
Love Overboard by Janet Evanovich C.J. Critt. No description available
"The Rocky Road to Romance Elsie Hawkins 4 by Janet Evanovich C.J. Critt. When Daisy Adams offers to take on the temporary position of traffic reporter for station WZZZ, handsome program director Steve Crow seriously doubts his ability to resist her charms while they work together."
Two for the Dough Stephanie Plum 2 by Janet Evanovich. No description available
"The Full Box Full 1 4 by Janet Evanovich Charlotte Hughes. When two families merge and move in together, a little boy finds an escape in his imagination. On the day two families move into a new home to start their life together under one roof, an overwhelmed little boy takes refuge in a simple cardboard box. But it's not just any box it's a pirate ship, or a castle, or a rocket shooting into outer space...the only limit is his imagination. Through creativity and play, the boy learns to share with his new siblings as they create fantastical worlds together."
"Hard Eight Stephanie Plum 8 by Janet Evanovich. Hired to find a missing child, Stephanie soon wonders if she's working on the right side of the law. And complications have arisen in her relationship with Morelli."
"Metro Girl Alex Barnaby 1 by Janet Evanovich C.J. Critt. In this 1 New York Times bestseller, Alex Barnaby roars onto the Miami Beach scene in hot pursuit of her missing baby brother and becomes involved in high speed car chases, a search for sunken treasure, and an amorous NASCAR driver."
Martian Time Slip by Philip K. Dick. No description available
"The Martians Mars Trilogy 3.5 by Kim Stanley Robinson. Kim Stanley Robinson s Mars trilogy is one of science fiction s most honored stories, with Red Mars winning the distinguished Nebula Award, and both Green Mars and Blue Mars honored with the Hugo. Now Robinson returns to the realm he has made his own the planet Mars in a brilliantly imagined drama with a searing poetic vision. From a training mission in Antarctica to blistering sandstorms sweeping through labyrinths of barren canyons, the interwoven stories of The Martians set in motion a sprawling cast of characters upon the surface of Mars. As the planet is transformed from an unexplored and forbidding terrain to a troubled image of a re created Earth, we meet the First Hundred explorers men and women who are bound together by Earth s tenuous toehold on Mars. Presenting unforgettable stories of hope and disappointment, of fierce physical and psychological struggles, The Martians is an epic chronicle of a planet that represents one of humanity s most glorious possibilities. Praise for The Martians A uniquely rewarding experience of state of the art science fiction. The New York Times Book Review No one familiar with Robinson s trilogy can read through these final, valedictory stories without feeling moved. The Washington Post The stories are beautifully written, the characters are well developed and the author s passion for ecology manifests itself on every page. Publishers Weekly starred review"
Pirates of Venus Venus 1 by Edgar Rice Burroughs Thomas Floyd F. Paul Wilson Phillip R. Burger. No description available
"Swords of Mars Barsoom 8 by Edgar Rice Burroughs. John Carter reprises his role of hero as he vows to bring an end to the Assassins Guild. He must travel to one of the moons of Barsoom, Carter then creates a race of secret super assassins to destroy this powerful Guild of Assassins. He ventures to the city of Zedong in a fierce attempt to overthrow Ur Jan the leader of the Assassins. There are many fantastic characters and galaxies in this compelling spy story in this edge of your seat science thriller."
The Chessmen of Mars Barsoom 5 by Edgar Rice Burroughs John Bolen. No description available
"The Warlord of Mars Barsoom 3 by Edgar Rice Burroughs John Bolen. With a sigh I turned the prow of my craft down stream, and with mighty strokes hastened with reckless speed through the dark and tortuous channel until once again I came to the chamber into which flowed the three branches of the river. Two unexplored channels still remained from which to choose nor was there any means by which I could judge which was the more likely to lead me to the plotters. Never in my life, that I can recall, have I suffered such an agony of indecision. So much depended upon a correct choice so much depended upon haste. The hours that I had already lost might seal the fate of the incomparable Dejah Thoris were she not already dead to sacrifice other hours, and maybe days in a fruitless exploration of another blind lead would unquestionably prove fatal. Barsoom The Warlord of Mars is the second adventure of Earthman John Carter, hero of the Edgar Rice Burroughs famous Mars series. In this book Carter must face terrible peril for the slightest chance that he may find his beloved Dejah Thoris still alive. The odds are slim and the dangers great conditions John Carter is well used to!"
Synthetic Men of Mars Barsoom 9 by Edgar Rice Burroughs. No description available
"The Master Mind of Mars Barsoom 6 by Edgar Rice Burroughs. The Master Mind of Mars is a science fantasy novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs, the sixth of his Barsoom series. In this novel Burroughs shifts the focus of the series for the second time, the first having been from early protagonists John Carter and Dejah Thoris to their children after the third book. Now he moves to a completely unrelated hero, Ulysses Paxton, an Earthman like Carter who like him is sent to Mars by astral projection."
A Fighting Man of Mars Barsoom 7 by Edgar Rice Burroughs. No description available
"Thuvia Maid of Mars Barsoom 4 by Edgar Rice Burroughs. This installment shifts focus from John Carter and Dejah Thoris, protagonists of the first three books in the series, to their son Carthoris, prince of Helium, and to Thuvia, princess of Ptarth, and follows Carthoris' efforts to win the heart of Thuvia, who will have nothing to do with him. When Thuvia is kidnapped Carthoris is presented with an opportunity throw in an airship battle, lost cities, savage creatures, and the fabulous phantom bowmen of Lothar, and you have thrills, chills, and high adventure of the best kind."
John Carter of Mars Barsoom 11 by Edgar Rice Burroughs. No description available
A Princess of Mars Barsoom 1 by Edgar Rice Burroughs John Seelye. No description available
"Escape on Venus Venus 4 by Edgar Rice Burroughs. The book Escape on Venus first appeared as four separate stories, published in the pulp magazine Fantastic Adventures, comprising Slaves of the Fish Men , Goddess of Fire , The Living Dead , and War on Venus . We present the original texts as they first appeared in print. Edgar Rice Burroughs only wrote one additional complete novelette of Venus The Wizard of Venus and the first six typewritten pages of an untitled story. He died before completing that last Venus story or the remaining two stories which would have been added to form a complete novel."
Tarzan of the Apes Tarzan of the Apes The Son of Tarzan Tarzan at the Earth's Core Tarzan Triumphant by Edgar Rice Burroughs Esteban Maroto J. Allen St. John Studley Burroughs. No description available
"Tarzan of the Apes Tarzan 1 by Edgar Rice Burroughs. When Tarzan is orphaned as a baby deep in the African jungle, the apes adopt him and raise him as their own. By the time the boy is ten, he can swing through the trees and talk to the animals. By the time he is eighteen, he has the strength of a lion and rules the apes as their king. But Tarzan knows he's different. Will he ever discover his true identity?"
Murder in the Bastille Aimee Leduc Investigations 4 by Cara Black. No description available
The Thirteenth Tale by Diane Setterfield. No description available
Market Forces by Richard K. Morgan. No description available
Black Widow The Things They Say About Her by Richard K. Morgan Bill Sienkiewicz Sean Phillips. No description available
Black Widow Homecoming by Richard K. Morgan Bill Sienkiewicz Goran Parlov. No description available
Ragtime by E.L. Doctorow. No description available
"Ragtime in Simla Joe Sandilands 2 by Barbara Cleverly. Simla 1922. The summer capital of the British Raj is fizzing with the energy of the jazz age. Commander Joe Sandilands is looking forward to spending a month here in the cool of the Himalayan hills as the guest of Sir George Jardine, the Governor of Bengal. When Joe's travelling companion, a Russian opera singer, is shot dead at his side in the back of the Governor's car on the road up to Simla, he finds himself plunged into a murder investigation. Confronted by the mystery of an identical unsolved killing a year before, Joe realizes that Sir George's hospitality comes at a price. Behind the sparkling fa ade of social life in Simla he finds a trail of murder, vice and blackmail. Someone in this close knit community has a secret and the nearer Joe comes to uncovering it, the nearer he comes to his own death."
Thank You for Smoking by Christopher Buckley. No description available
The Crossing by Cormac McCarthy. No description available
"Cities of the Plain The Border Trilogy 3 by Cormac McCarthy. The setting is New Mexico in 1952, where John Grady Cole and Billy Parham are working as ranch hands. To the North lie the proving grounds of Alamogordo to the South, the twin cities of El Paso and Juarez, Mexico. Their life is made up of trail drives and horse auctions and stories told by campfire light. It is a life that is about to change forever, and John Grady and Billy both know it. The catalyst for that change appears in the form of a beautiful, ill starred Mexican prostitute. When John Grady falls in love, Billy agrees against his better judgment to help him rescue the girl from her suavely brutal pimp. The ensuing events resonate with the violence and inevitability of classic tragedy"
The Agony and the Ecstasy A Biographical Novel of Michelangelo by Irving Stone. No description available
The Agony and the Ecstasy by Irving Stone. No description available
Harvest by Tess Gerritsen. No description available
"Story of O Story of O 1 by Pauline R age Sabine d'Estree. The Story of O is an erotic novel about love, dominance and submission by French author Anne Desclos under the pen name Pauline Reage. Published in French by Jean Jacques Pauvert, Story of O is a tale of female submission about a beautiful Parisian fashion photographer, O, who is blindfolded, chained, whipped, branded, pierced, made to wear a mask, and taught to be constantly available for oral, vaginal, and anal intercourse. Despite her harsh treatment, O grants permission beforehand for everything that occurs, and her permission is consistently sought. At the beginning of the story, O's lover, Rene, brings her to the chateau of Roissy, where she is trained to serve the men of an elite group. After this first period of training is finished, as a demonstration of their bond and his generosity, Rene hands O to Sir Stephen, a more dominant master. Rene wants O to learn to serve someone whom she does not love, and someone who does not love her."
Story of O by Pauline R age John Paul Hand. No description available
The O. Henry Prize Stories 2003 by Laura Furman David Guterson Diane Johnson Jennifer Egan. No description available
The Illustrated Story Of O by Doris Kloster Pauline R age. No description available
The Valley of Vision A Collection of Puritan Prayers and Devotions by Arthur Bennett. No description available
"Valley Of Silence Circle Trilogy 3 by Nora Roberts. 1 New York Times bestselling author Nora Roberts presents the electrifying conclusion to her powerful Circle Trilogy. Worlds have collided and centuries have elapsed as six people have brought their unique powers, their courage, and their hearts to a battle that could drown humanity in darkness Her face, so pale when she d removed her cloak, had bloomed when her hand had taken the sword. Her eyes, so heavy, so somber, had gone as brilliant as the blade. And had simply sliced through him, keen as a sword, when they d met his In the kingdom of Geall, the scholarly Moira has taken up the sword of her people. Now, as queen, she must prepare her subjects for the greatest battle they will ever fight against an enemy more vicious than any they have seen. For Lilith, the most powerful vampire in the world, has followed the circle of six through time to Geall. Moira also has a personal score to settle. Vampires killed her mother and now, she is ready to exact her revenge. But there is one vampire to whom she would trust her soul Cian was changed by Lilith centuries ago. But now, he stands with the circle. Without hesitation, he will kill others of his kind and has earned the respect of sorcerer, witch, warrior, and shape shifter. But he wants more than respect from Moira even though his desire for her makes him vulnerable. For how can a man with an eternity to live love a woman whose life is sure to end if not by Lilith s hand, then by the curse of time? Roberts is one of the best writers in the romance world. The Best Reviews"
Revolution in The Valley The Insanely Great Story of How the Mac Was Made by Andy Hertzfeld Steve Wozniak. No description available
The Valley of Horses Earth's Children 2 by Jean M. Auel. No description available
How Green Was My Valley by Richard Llewellyn. No description available
Once A Warrior King Memories of an Officer in Vietnam by David Donovan. No description available
Once a Warrior Warriors 1 by Karyn Monk. No description available
Time and Again Time 1 by Jack Finney. No description available
"Time and Again Time Travel 1 2 by Nora Roberts. The 50th anniversary edition of the beloved classic that Stephen King has called THE great time travel story. Featuring a brand new introduction by the New York Times bestselling author of Recursion, Blake Crouch. When advertising artist Si Morley is recruited to join a covert government operation exploring the possibility of time travel, he jumps at the chance to leave his mundane 20th century existence and step into the past. But he also has another motivation for going back in time a half burned letter that tells of a mysterious, tragic death and ominously of fire which will destroy the whole world. Traveling to New York City in January 1882 to investigate, he finds a Manhattan teeming with a different kind of life, the waterfront unimpeded by skyscrapers, open air markets packed with activity, Central Park bustling with horse drawn sleighs a city on the precipice of great things. At first, Si welcomes these trips as a temporary escape but when he falls in love with a woman he meets in the past, he must choose whether to return to modern life or live in 1882 for good. Pure New York fun Alice Hoffman, New York Times bestselling author , Time and Again is meticulous recreation of New York in the late nineteenth century, exploring the possibilities of time travel to tell an ageless story of love, longing, and adventure. Finney s magnum opus has been a source of inspiration for countless science fiction writers since its first publication in 1970."
Time and Again Time Was Times Change by Nora Roberts. No description available
Meeting Jesus Again for the First Time The Historical Jesus and the Heart of Contemporary Faith by Marcus J. Borg. No description available
Reading the Bible Again for the First Time Taking the Bible Seriously but Not Literally by Marcus J. Borg. No description available
The Complete Idiot's Guide to Business Plans by Gwen Moran. No description available
PHP and MySQL Web Development Developer's Library by Luke Welling Laura Thomson. No description available
Beginning PHP and MySQL 5 From Novice to Professional by W. Jason Gilmore. No description available
PHP MySQL For Dummies by Janet Valade. No description available
PHP and MySQL for Dummies by Janet Valade. No description available
Graphic Design Now by Charlotte Fiell Peter Fiell. No description available
Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9 11 How One Film Divided a Nation by Robert Brent Toplin. No description available
My Dirty Thirties Romantic Hedonism by Kelly Carr. No description available
The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy Gentleman by Laurence Sterne Robert Folkenflik. No description available
La fortaleza digital by Dan Brown Eduardo Garc a Murillo. No description available
The United States of Europe The New Superpower and the End of American Supremacy by T.R. Reid. No description available
Europe on a Shoestring by Sarah Johnstone Aaron Anderson Sarah Andrews Lonely Planet. No description available
Europe and the People Without History by Eric R. Wolf. No description available
A History of Modern Europe Volume 2 From the French Revolution to the Present by John M. Merriman. No description available
How Europe Underdeveloped Africa by Walter Rodney Vincent Harding. No description available
Europe A History by Norman Davies. No description available
The Basketball Diaries by Jim Carroll. No description available
The Basketball Diaries and the Book of Nods by Jim Carroll. No description available
The 10 Commandments of Parenting The Do's and Don'ts for Raising Great Kids by Ed Young. No description available
Unsung Heroes Of Rock 'n' Roll The Birth Of Rock In The Wild Years Before Elvis by Nick Tosches. No description available
In the Hand of Dante by Nick Tosches. No description available
Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 by Harold Bloom. No description available
Schott's Original Miscellany by Ben Schott Collin Deckerman. No description available
Mind Over Money How to Match Your Emotional Style to a Winning Financial Strategy by John W. Schott Jean S. Arbeiter. No description available
Blowback Scot Harvath 4 by Brad Thor. No description available
The Sorrows of Empire Militarism Secrecy and the End of the Republic by Chalmers Johnson Shara Kay. No description available
Bouvard and Pecuchet by Gustave Flaubert Mark Polizzotti Raymond Queneau. No description available
Voyage of the Turtle In Pursuit of the Earth's Last Dinosaur by Carl Safina. No description available
Thirteen Moons on Turtle's Back by Joseph Bruchac Jonathan London Thomas Locker. No description available
One Tiny Turtle by Nicola Davies Jane Chapman. No description available
Turtle Island by Gary Snyder Michael Corr. No description available
Turtles Termites and Traffic Jams Explorations in Massively Parallel Microworlds by Mitchel Resnick. No description available
Turtle Moon by Alice Hoffman. No description available
Aquatic Turtles Sliders Cooters Painted and Map Turtles by Richard D. Bartlett Patricia P. Bartlett. No description available
Turtles Tortoises for Dummies by Liz Palika. No description available
The Turtle and the Monkey by Paul Galdone Joanna Galdone. No description available
Turtle Diary by Russell Hoban. No description available
Lessons from Turtle Island Native Curriculum in Early Childhood Classrooms by Guy W. Jones Sally Moomaw. No description available
Inside Himalaya by Basil Pao Michael Palin. No description available
Youth in Revolt The Journals of Nick Twisp Volumes I II III Youth in Revolt Youth in Bondage Youth in Exile by C.D. Payne. No description available
The Demon Princes Volume One The Star King The Killing Machine The Palace of Love by Jack Vance. No description available
Lurulu by Jack Vance. No description available
Lyonesse Suldrun's Garden Lyonesse 1 by Jack Vance. No description available
Jack Vance Critical Appreciations and a Bibliography by A.E. Cunningham Harlan Ellison Charles F. Miller Terry Dowling Paul Rhoads Jack Vance Tom Shippey Gene Wolfe David Langford Dan Simmons David Mathew. No description available
Galactic Effectuator by Jack Vance. No description available
The SFWA Grand Masters 3 by Frederik Pohl Lester del Rey Damon Knight A.E. van Vogt Jack Vance. No description available
The Languages of Pao by Jack Vance. No description available
The Last Castle by Jack Vance. No description available
Madouc Lyonesse 3 by Jack Vance. No description available
Ports of Call by Jack Vance. No description available
The Demon Princes Volume Two The Face The Book of Dreams by Jack Vance. No description available
The Green Pearl Lyonesse 2 by Jack Vance. No description available
The Last Castle Nightwings Tor Double Novel 15 by Jack Vance Robert Silverberg. No description available
The Many Worlds of Magnus Ridolph by Jack Vance. No description available
Big Dead Place Inside the Strange and Menacing World of Antarctica by Nicholas Johnson Eirik Sonneland. No description available
Best Science Fiction Stories of Clifford D. Simak by Clifford D. Simak. No description available
Theodore Rex by Edmund Morris. No description available
Oedipus Tyrannus by Sophocles Theodore F. Brunner Luci Berkowitz. No description available
The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt by Edmund Morris. No description available
The Scientists A History of Science Told Through the Lives of Its Greatest Inventors by John Gribbin. No description available
A History of the Life Sciences by Lois N. Magner Magner. No description available
The Art of Innovation Lessons in Creativity from IDEO America's Leading Design Firm by Tom Kelley Jonathan Littman Tom Peters. No description available
Absolute Trust in the Goodness of the Earth New Poems by Alice Walker. No description available
I Sold My Soul on Ebay Viewing Faith Through an Atheist's Eyes by Hemant Mehta Rob Bell. No description available
"Shadow Claw The Book of the New Sun 1 2 by Gene Wolfe. 1 New York Times bestselling author Jennifer L. Armentrout returns with book one of the all new, compelling Flesh and Fire series set in the beloved Blood and Ash world. Born shrouded in the veil of the Primals, a Maiden as the Fates promised, Seraphena Mierel s future has never been hers. Chosen before birth to uphold the desperate deal her ancestor struck to save his people, Sera must leave behind her life and offer herself to the Primal of Death as his Consort. However, Sera s real destiny is the most closely guarded secret in all of Lasania she s not the well protected Maiden but an assassin with one mission one target. Make the Primal of Death fall in love, become his weakness, and then end him. If she fails, she dooms her kingdom to a slow demise at the hands of the Rot. Sera has always known what she is. Chosen. Consort. Assassin. Weapon. A specter never fully formed yet drenched in blood. A monster. Until him. Until the Primal of Death s unexpected words and deeds chase away the darkness gathering inside her. And his seductive touch ignites a passion she s never allowed herself to feel and cannot feel for him. But Sera has never had a choice. Either way, her life is forfeit it always has been, as she has been forever touched by Life and Death."
"Sword Citadel The Book of the New Sun 3 4 by Gene Wolfe. The history of the sword, the author writes in his introduction, is the history of humanity. For centuries, the sword has been a symbol of power, strength, liberty, and courage. In the Middle Ages, the image of a sword was used to signify the word of God. Nearly every culture in history has forged blades from stone or steel to fight in times of battle and protect in times of peace. In this groundbreaking work, Richard Francis Burton, explorer, translator, scholar, and swordsman, draws on a wealth of linguistic, archaeological, and literary sources to trace the millennia old history of the sword. From its earliest days as a charred, sharpened stick to the height of craftsmanship in the modern era, the sword has been the weapon of choice for warriors of all stripes. In eloquent, captivating prose, Burton describes Dirks Daggers Knives Sabers Cutlasses The origin of the weapon The weapons of the age of wood The Copper Age of weapons The Iron Age of weapons The sword in ancient Egypt The sword in ancient Greece And more Nearly three hundred line drawings enhance Burton s richly detailed text. Any reader of history or student of weaponry will find this book a fascinating, highly enjoyable read."
"The Wizard The Wizard Knight 2 by Gene Wolfe. THE WIZARD KNIGHT springs from the myths, legends and literature of times past. A teenager passes from Earth to a magical realm of seven worlds, where he is given a hero's adult body and named Able. Though forced to act as a man, inside he is still a boy, even as he sets off to find his destined sword and become a knight. In his quest he battles giants, meets gods, heroes and a sorceress who repeatedly tries to seduce him , and serves the mercurial dragon king Arnthor in a was that could end everything."
"Soldier of Sidon Latro 3 by Gene Wolfe. A man who forgets everything while he sleeps and is dependent on his journal entries to keep his life together, Latro finds himself in Egypt, where he searches for a way to rid himself of the curse that causes him to lose his memory."
The Right Stuff by Tom Wolfe. No description available
Wild Fire The Hot Zone 3 by Debra Cowan. No description available
Day and Night by Better Homes and Gardens. No description available
Romanticism by Hugh Honour. No description available
No Cherubs for Melanie by James Hawkins. No description available
The Fish Kisser by James Hawkins. No description available
Street of the Five Moons Vicky Bliss 2 by Elizabeth Peters. No description available
Stand on Zanzibar by John Brunner. No description available
The Shockwave Rider by John Brunner. No description available
Study Guide to Accompany Brunner and Suddarth's Textbook of Medical Surgical Nursing by Suzanne C. O'Connell Smeltzer Brenda G. Bare Mary Jo Boyer. No description available
Natural Theology Comprising Nature Grace by Professor Dr Emil Brunner the Reply No! by Dr Karl Barth by Karl Barth Emil Brunner Peter Fraenkel. No description available
Children of the Thunder The Tides of Time The Crucible of Time by John Brunner. No description available
The Sheep Look Up by John Brunner James John Bell David Brin. No description available
Entry to Elsewhen by John Brunner. No description available
The Crucible of Time by John Brunner. No description available
"Polymath Zarathustra Refugee Planets 2 by John Brunner. Colonising a new planet requires much more than just settling on a newly discovered island of Old Earth. New planets were different in thousands of ways, different from Earth and from each other. Any of those differences could mean death and disaster to a human settlement. When a ship filled with refugees from a cosmic catastrophe crash landed on such an unmapped world, their outlook was precarious. Their ship was lost, salvage had been minor, and everything came to depend on one bright young man accidentally among them. He was a trainee planet builder. It would have been his job to foresee all the problems necessary to set up a safe home for humanity. But the problem was that he was a mere student and he had been studying the wrong planet. First published 1974"
Total Eclipse by John Brunner. No description available
Manshape by John Brunner. No description available
Modern Classics of Science Fiction by Gardner Dozois Damon Knight R.A. Lafferty Samuel R. Delany Brian W. Aldiss Gene Wolfe Joanna Russ James Tiptree Jr. Ursula K. Le Guin Edward Bryant Howard Waldrop Jack Dann L. Sprague de Camp Lucius Shepard Pat Cadigan John Kessel William Gibson Connie Willis Michael Swanwick Bruce Sterling Theodore Sturgeon Richard McKenna Cordwainer Smith Jack Vance Edgar Pangborn Keith Roberts Roger Zelazny. No description available
The Mammoth Book of Golden Age Science Fiction Ten Classic Stories from the Birth of Modern Science Fiction Writing by Isaac Asimov Charles G. Waugh. No description available
Unearthly Neighbors by Chad Oliver. No description available
The Shores of Another Sea Classics of Modern Science Fiction 3 by Chad Oliver George Zebrowski Isaac Asimov. No description available
Men Martians and Machines by Eric Frank Russell George Zebrowski Isaac Asimov. No description available
What are the Seven Wonders of the World? And 100 Other Great Cultural Lists Fully Explicated by Peter D'Epiro Mary Desmond Pinkowish. No description available
World of Wonders The Deptford Trilogy 3 by Robertson Davies Wayne Johnston. No description available
Wonder of the World by David Lindsay Abaire. No description available
Worlds of Wonder How to Write Science Fiction Fantasy by David Gerrold. No description available
Walking the World in Wonder A Children's Herbal by Ellen Evert Hopman Steven Foster. No description available
Worlds of Wonder by Terry Pastor Damon Knight Philip K. Dick C.M. Kornbluth Bob Shaw Frederik Pohl Alfred Bester C.L. Moore Henry Kuttner Robert Sheckley James Blish Cordwainer Smith Brian W. Aldiss Jack Vance. No description available
"Sixty Days and Counting Science in the Capital 3 by Kim Stanley Robinson. By the time Phil Chase is elected president, the world s climate is far on its way to irreversible change. Food scarcity, housing shortages, diminishing medical care, and vanishing species are just some of the consequences. The erratic winter the Washington, D.C., area is experiencing is another grim reminder of a global weather pattern gone haywire bone chilling cold one day, balmy weather the next. But the president elect remains optimistic and doesn t intend to give up without a fight. A maverick in every sense of the word, Chase starts organizing the most ambitious plan to save the world from disaster since FDR and assembling a team of top scientists and advisers to implement it. For Charlie Quibler, this means reentering the political fray full time and giving up full time care of his young son, Joe. For Frank Vanderwal, hampered by a brain injury, it means trying to protect the woman he loves from a vengeful ex and a rogue black ops agency not even the president can control a task for which neither Frank s work at the National Science Foundation nor his study of Tibetan Buddhism can prepare him. In a world where time is running out as quickly as its natural resources, where surveillance is almost total and freedom nearly nonexistent, the forecast for the Chase administration looks darker each passing day. For as the last and most terrible of natural disasters looms on the horizon, it will take a miracle to stop the clock . . . the kind of miracle that only dedicated men and women can bring about."
Fifty Degrees Below Science in the Capital 2 by Kim Stanley Robinson. No description available
"The Gold Coast Three Californias Triptych 2 by Kim Stanley Robinson. Bold, manic, wonderful, this dystopian sci fi thriller imagines ecological collapse in an alternative future California Los Angeles Times . 2027 Southern California is a developer s dream gone mad, an endless sprawl of condos, freeways, and malls. Jim McPherson, the affluent son of a defense contractor, is a young man lost in a world of fast cars, casual sex, and designer drugs. But his descent in to the shadowy underground of industrial terrorism brings him into a shattering confrontation with his family, his goals, and his ideals. At the Publisher s request, this title is being sold without Digital Rights Management Software DRM applied. Owes more to 1984 and A Clockwork Orange than to the usual SF scenario. . . . Robinson offers a stark cautionary tale with a glimmer of hope at the end. Publishers Weekly A rich, brave book . . . It celebrates, with an earned and elated refusal of despair, the persistent, joyful survival of human persons in the interstices of the American juggernaut. Washington Post"
Antarctica by Kim Stanley Robinson. No description available
The Wild Shore Three Californias Triptych 1 by Kim Stanley Robinson. No description available
Forty Signs of Rain Science in the Capital 1 by Kim Stanley Robinson. No description available
Pacific Edge Three Californias Triptych 3 by Kim Stanley Robinson. No description available
The Memory of Whiteness A Scientific Romance by Kim Stanley Robinson. No description available
Secret Identity Lost 2 by Catherine Hapka. No description available
Miracleman Book Three Olympus by Alan Moore John Totleben Steve Oliff Joe Caramagna Michael Kelleher Peter Milligan Mike Allred. No description available
A Thousand Acres by Jane Smiley. No description available
Mother's Milk by Edward St. Aubyn. No description available
From a Limestone Ledge Some Essays and Other Ruminations about Country Life in Texas by John Graves Glenn Wolff Bill Wittliff. No description available
Possession by A.S. Byatt. No description available
The Best American Nonrequired Reading 2004 by Dave Eggers Viggo Mortensen. No description available
The Culture of Fear Why Americans Are Afraid of the Wrong Things by Barry Glassner. No description available
Culture of Fear Revisited by Frank Furedi. No description available
GraceLand by Chris Abani. No description available
Raised on Rock Growing Up at Graceland by David Stanley Mark Bego. No description available
The White Widow by Jim Lehrer. No description available
The Franklin Affair by Jim Lehrer. No description available
Short List One Eyed Mack 5 by Jim Lehrer. No description available
"Fine Lines One Eyed Mack 6 by Jim Lehrer. Oklahoma's lieutenant governor, One Eyed Mack, is called in by Governor Buffalo Joe Hayman to investigate once again when a killer begins targeting the state's legislators of both parties for murder. 25,000 first printing. 25,000 ad promo. Tour."
Kick the Can One Eyed Mack 1 by Jim Lehrer. No description available
Strangers from a Different Shore A History of Asian Americans by Ronald Takaki. No description available
La chute by Albert Camus. No description available
Syrup by Max Barry. No description available
Maple Syrup Cookbook Over 100 Recipes For Breakfast Lunch Dinner by Ken Haedrich. No description available
Metaconcert Intervention 2 by Julian May. No description available
"Surveillance Intervention 1 by Julian May. Previous editions of The Child Surveillance Handbook have built its reputation as the essential reference guide for GPs, health visitors and other members of the healthcare team in primary care. Now thoroughly revised and updated, this new edition remains the authoritative guide to child surveillance promoting the health, welfare and life chances of children."
The Adversary Saga of Pliocene Exile 4 by Julian May. No description available
"Magnificat Galactic Milieu Trilogy 3 by Julian May. Fascinating . . . May has cemented her position as one of this generation's foremost storytellers. . . .This satisfying end to a remarkable feat of the imagination is a necessary purchase. Library Journal By the mid twenty first century, humanity is beginning to enjoy membership in the Galactic Milieu. Human colonies are thriving on numerous planets, life on Earth is peaceful and prosperous, and as more humans are being born with metapsychic abilities, it will not be long before these gifted minds at last achieve total Unity. But xenophobia is deeply rooted in the human soul. A growing corps of rebels plots to keep the people of Earth forever separate, led by a man obsessed with human superiority Marc Remillard. Marc's goal is nothing less than the elevation of human metapsychics above all others, by way of artificial enhancement of mental faculties. His methods are unpalatable, his goal horrific. And so Marc and his coconspirators continue their work in secret. Only the very Unity he fears and abhors can foil Marc's plans. And only his brother, Jack the Bodiless, and the young woman called Diamond Mask can hope to lead the metaconcert to destroy Marc, Unify humanity, and pave the way for the Golden Age of the Galactic Milieu to begin . . . A certain crowd pleaser. Kirkus Reviews"
"The Sagittarius Whorl Rampart Worlds 3 by Julian May. In the epic conclusion to The Rampart Worlds trilogy, interstellar maverick Helly Frost sets out to prove that a proposed pact with the alien Haluk could destroy the Commonwealth of Humans and sets out for the Sagittarius Whorl, a hostile and remote region of the galaxy to uncover evidence to expose the Haluk plot against humankind. Original."
Maison Ikkoku Volume 7 Maison Ikkoku 7 by Rumiko Takahashi. No description available
"Ranma 1 2 Vol. 8 Ranma US 2nd 8 by Rumiko Takahashi. Ranma wants it four martial artist pork buns from China want it Genma especially wants it... Described by a reluctant Ranma as the seal that keeps something terrible from happening, what is the Dragon s Whisker ? Once that plot s tied up, the whole gang heads to a hot springs obstacle course. And then, a martial arts eating contest guaranteed to flip your stomach! VIZ Media"
"Maison Ikkoku Volume 8 Maison Ikkoku 8 by Rumiko Takahashi. Acclaimed author Rumiko Takahashi s classic romantic comedy about finding your path in life. Yusaku Godai didn t get accepted into college on the first try, so he s studying to retake the entrance exams. But living in a dilapidated building full of eccentric and noisy tenants is making it hard for him to achieve his goals. Now that a beautiful woman has moved in to become the new resident manager, Godai is driven to distraction! Yusaku Godai has started his first job out of college as a part time helper at Sweet Acorn Nursery School. Unfortunately he s not making enough money to pay rent, so he starts tutoring again. When Ibuki Yagami hears this, she decides it s the perfect opportunity to get Godai to spend some time with her..."
Afterglow A Last Conversation With Pauline Kael by Francis Davis Pauline Kael. No description available
For Keeps 30 Years at the Movies by Pauline Kael. No description available
Hooked Film Writings 1985 1988 by Pauline Kael. No description available
"Flirting With Danger Samantha Jellicoe 1 by Suzanne Enoch. In her dazzling romantic suspense debut, USA Today bestselling author Suzanne Enoch brings us a thrilling tale about a thief who needs to prove she's no murderer and the millionaire who loves her. Samantha Jellicoe is a thief and proud of it. Raised to appreciate the finer things in life, Sam has no trouble divesting the wealthy of their treasures. This all changed, however, the night she attempts to steal a valuable item from a Palm Beach estate. Before she knew what hit her, a bomb goes off, a guard is killed, and Sam ends up saving millionaire Richard Addison. She's a good thief and will own up to her jobs, but if anyone thinks to tie her to murder, they better think again. On any other night, having a one hundred plus pounds of female fling herself at you is a good thing. But on this particular night, Richard Addison is mad as hell. Not only did he just have his gallery blown up with him about to enter it but the woman who rescued him didn't stick around to offer any explanations. When the dust settles, Rick knows the only person with answers to his questions is the mystery woman. And if she thinks she can hide from him, she better think again."
Flirting with Danger by Linda Turner. No description available
Flirting With Danger by Kate Walker. No description available
As Nature Made Him The Boy Who Was Raised as a Girl by John Colapinto. No description available
The Serial Killers Club by Jeff Povey. No description available
The Savage Wars Of Peace Soldiers' Voices 1945 1989 by Charles Allen. No description available
"Dark Water Fog Point 1 by Linda Hall. P.I. Jake Rikker has been retained to find a stalker. A challenge that could help redeem his life if he doesn t lose it first. A private investigator, kayak adventurer, and whale watching tour guide who specializes in salvage operations based out of an old, purple church, Jake Rikker is caught off guard by the request of his new client. Up and coming jewelry designer Elise St. Dennis wants him to find not a valuable object, but the menacing ex con who has traced her to the small town of Fog Point. Elise is desperate and afraid to go to the police. So, seeing the job as an opportunity to take his focus off his divorce and his relationship with his estranged daughters, Jake throws himself into helping someone who clearly needs him. The fact that Elise is pretty, vulnerable, and unattached doesn t hurt either. Aided by his business partner, May a crusty widow Jake sets out in pursuit of the stalker. But as they draw ever closer to their prey it becomes terrifyingly clear that they have become not the hunters but the hunted"
The Outlaws of Sherwood by Robin McKinley. No description available
Beauty A Retelling of the Story of Beauty and the Beast by Robin McKinley. No description available
Spindle's End by Robin McKinley. No description available
Imaginary Lands by Robin McKinley James P. Blaylock Patricia A. McKillip Robert Westall Peter Dickinson Jane Yolen P.C. Hodgell Michael de Larrabetti Joan D. Vinge. No description available
The Hero and the Crown Damar 2 by Robin McKinley. No description available
Hitty Her First Hundred Years by Rachel Field Dorothy P. Lathrop. No description available
Rachel Field's Hitty Her First Hundred Years by Rosemary Wells Susan Jeffers Rachel Field. No description available
Voting Rights Days Hitty's Travels 3 by Ellen Weiss Betina Ogden. No description available
A Christmas Carol Great Illustrated Classics by Malvina G. Vogel Charles Dickens. No description available
Moon in a Dewdrop Writings of Zen Master Dogen by D gen Kazuaki Tanahashi Robert Aitken Reb Anderson Edward G. Brown Norman Fischer Arnold Kotler Daniel Leighton Lew Richmond Katherine Thanas Brian Unger Mel Weitsman Dan Welch Philip Whalen David Schneider. No description available
Dewdrops on a Lotus Leaf Zen Poems of Ryokan by Ry kan John Stevens. No description available
A Green Desire by Anton Myrer Alastair Westgarth. No description available
The Big War by Anton Myrer. No description available
I Heard That Song Before by Mary Higgins Clark. No description available
Santa Cruise A Holiday Mystery at Sea by Mary Higgins Clark Carol Higgins Clark. No description available
No Place Like Home by Mary Higgins Clark. No description available
Ghost Ship A Cape Cod Story by Mary Higgins Clark Wendell Minor. No description available
Deck the Halls by Mary Higgins Clark Carol Higgins Clark. No description available
On the Street Where You Live by Mary Higgins Clark Karin Dufner. No description available
Silent Night The Remarkable Christmas Truce of 1914 by Stanley Weintraub. No description available
Nighttime Is My Time by Mary Higgins Clark. No description available
Watchfiends and Rack Screams Works from the Final Period by Antonin Artaud Bernard Bador Clayton Eshleman. No description available
Inside My Heart Choosing to Live with Passion and Purpose by Robin McGraw. No description available
"Lord John and the Brotherhood of the Blade Lord John Grey 2 by Diana Gabaldon. From the exquisitely talented and award winning author of the Outlander Saga come two additions to the oeuvre, both featuring Lord John Grey. This dashing character first appeared in Gabaldon s blockbuster, Voyager, and readers cheered him on in the New York Times bestselling Lord John and the Private Matter. Diana Gabaldon takes readers back to eighteenth century Britain as Lord John Grey pursues a deadly family secret as well as a clandestine love affair, set against the background of the Seven Years War. Seventeen years earlier, Grey s father, the Duke of Pardloe, shot himself, days before he was to be accused of being a Jacobite traitor. By raising a regiment to fight at Culloden, Grey s elder brother has succeeded in redeeming the family name, aided by Grey, now a major in that regiment. But now, on the eve of the regiment s move to Germany, comes a mysterious threat that throws the matter of the Duke s death into stark new question, and brings the Grey brothers into fresh conflict with the past and each other. From barracks and parade grounds to the battlefields of Prussia and the stony fells of the Lake District, Lord John s struggle to find the truth leads him through danger and passion, ever deeper, toward the answer to the question at the centre of his soul what is it that is most important to a man? Love, loyalty, family name? Self respect, or honesty? Surviving both the battle of Krefeld and a searing personal betrayal, he returns to the Lake District to find the man who may hold the key to his quest a Jacobite prisoner named Jamie Fraser. Here, Grey finds his truth and faces a final choice between honour and life itself."
Andrew Carnegie and the Rise of Big Business Library of American Biography Series by Harold C. Livesay. No description available
How to Develop Self Confidence and Influence People by Public Speaking by Dale Carnegie. No description available
The Autobiography of Andrew Carnegie and the Gospel of Wealth by Andrew Carnegie Gordon Hutner. No description available
A Fan's Notes by Frederick Exley Jonathan Yardley. No description available
"My Soul to Keep African Immortals 1 by Tananarive Due. When Jessica marries David, he is everything she wants in a family man brilliant, attentive, ever youthful. Yet she still feels something about him is just out of reach. Soon, as people close to Jessica begin to meet violent, mysterious deaths, David makes an unimaginable confession More than 400 years ago, he and other members of an Ethiopian sect traded their humanity so they would never die, a secret he must protect at any cost. Now, his immortal brethren have decided David must return and leave his family in Miami. Instead, David vows to invoke a forbidden ritual to keep Jessica and his daughter with him forever. Harrowing, engrossing and skillfully rendered, My Soul to Keep traps Jessica between the desperation of immortals who want to rob her of her life and a husband who wants to rob her of her soul. With deft plotting and an unforgettable climax, this tour de force reminiscent of early Anne Rice will win Due a new legion of fans."
Joplin's Ghost by Tananarive Due. No description available
"The Living Blood African Immortals 2 by Tananarive Due. From the author of The Reformatory A New York Times Notable Book of 2023 The bestselling author of Joplin's Ghost delivers a riveting novel of supernatural suspense a gripping tale that showcases a writer at the pinnacle of her astounding storytelling abilities. Due has become a modern day Octavia Butler, a talented storyteller who stands tall among her horror cohorts Anne Rice and Stephen King. The Boston Globe Jessica Jacobs Wolde has somehow survived the worst that any mother or wife could ever endure the deaths of her husband and first daughter. But now, four years later, not only is the nightmare continuing it may have only just begun. Jessica has discovered the terrifying truth behind the legacy that her husband left to their second daughter, Fana...a legacy preordained a thousand years before her time and drenched in the powerful lifeblood that now courses through her veins. As young Fana begins to display unearthly abilities that are quickly spiraling out of control, she becomes the target of those who will stop at nothing to exploit her power and the unwitting touchstone in an ancient supernatural battle whose outcome may decide the fate of all humanity."
The Good House by Tananarive Due. No description available
The Prestige by Christopher Priest. No description available
The Mammoth Book of Storms Shipwrecks and Sea Disasters by Richard Russell Lawrence. No description available
The Stones of Summer by Dow Mossman. No description available
The Summer House by Jean Stone. No description available
Peek a Boo! Babyfaces by Roberta Grobel Intrater. No description available
The BFG A Set of Plays by Roald Dahl David Wood. No description available
Science Notebooks Writing about Inquiry by Lori Fulton Brian Campbell Linda Gregg. No description available
Interviews with John Kenneth Galbraith Conversations with Public Intellectuals by John Kenneth Galbraith James Ronald Stanfield J. Ron Stanfield Jacqueline Bloom Stanfield. No description available
The Economics of Innocent Fraud Truth for Our Time by John Kenneth Galbraith. No description available
Robin Williams Web Design Workshop by Robin P. Williams John Tollett Dave Rohr. No description available
The Non Designer's Web Book by Robin P. Williams John Tollett. No description available
Hard Drive Bill Gates and the Making of the Microsoft Empire by James Wallace Jim Erickson. No description available
Bill Gates Computer Legend Famous Lives by Sara Barton Wood. No description available
Chicken Trek by Stephen Manes. No description available
Make Four Million Dollars by Next Thursday! by Stephen Manes George Ulrich. No description available
Slim Down Camp by Stephen Manes. No description available
The Boy Who Turned Into a TV Set by Stephen Manes Michael Bass. No description available
Masters of Enterprise Giants of American Business from John Jacob Astor and J.P. Morgan to Bill Gates and Oprah Winfrey by H.W. Brands. No description available
The Devil in the Junior League by Linda Francis Lee. No description available
Prom Anonymous by Blake Nelson. No description available
The New Rules of High School by Blake Nelson. No description available
Cool Girl by Blake Nelson Hans Schumacher. No description available
They Came from Below by Blake Nelson. No description available
User by Blake Nelson. No description available
Exile by Blake Nelson Francine Kass. No description available
"Girl Girl 1 by Blake Nelson. A play about what it means to be a girl in this day and age. The girls in this play show great strength, revealing their vulnerabilities in language that is honest and extremely compelling. Split into three sections, the characters speak entirely in monologues with some overlap , providing great material for auditions and monologue work."
My Side of the Mountain Mountain 1 by Jean Craighead George. No description available
The Theban Plays Oedipus Rex Oedipus at Colonus Antigone by Sophocles George Young. No description available
The Jungle by Upton Sinclair Earl Lee Kathleen DeGrave. No description available
The Jungle Books by Rudyard Kipling Alev Lytle Croutier. No description available
Human Croquet by Kate Atkinson. No description available
The Key to Rebecca by Ken Follett Arto H il. No description available
Paper Money by Ken Follett. No description available
Skeleton Coast Oregon Files 4 by Clive Cussler Jack Du Brul. No description available
Dragon Dirk Pitt 10 by Clive Cussler. No description available
Dark Watch Oregon Files 3 by Clive Cussler Jack Du Brul. No description available
"Black Wind Dirk Pitt 18 by Clive Cussler Dirk Cussler. Legendary oceanographer Dirk Pitt must work with his children to unravel old battle plans from WWII to prevent a present day massacre in this novel in the 1 New York Times bestselling adventure series. In the waning days of World War II, the Japanese tried a last desperate measure. Kept secret from all but a few select officials, two submarines were sent to the West Coast of the United States, their cargo a revolutionary new strain of biological virus, their mission to unleash hell. Neither sub made it to the designated target.But that does not mean they were lost. Someone knows about the subs and what they carried, knows too where they might be, and has an extraordinary plan in mind for the prize inside a plan that could reshape America, and the world, as we know it. All that stands in the way are three people a marine biologist named Summer, a marine engineer named Dirk . . . and their father, Dirk Pitt, the new head of NUMA. Pitt has faced devastating enemies before, has even teamed up with his children to track them down. But never before has he encountered such pure evil until now."
Cyclops Dirk Pitt 8 by Clive Cussler. No description available
Deep Six Dirk Pitt 7 by Clive Cussler. No description available
"Polar Shift NUMA Files 6 by Clive Cussler Paul Kemprecos. NUMA operative Kurt Austin takes on a madman fronting as an evironmentalist in this 1 New York Times bestselling series. Sixty years ago, an eccentric Hungarian genius discovered how to artificially trigger such a shift in the polar ice caps, which could cause massive eruptions, earthquaks, and even climate changes. But then his work disappeared, or so it was thought. Now, the charismatic leader of an antiglobalization group plans to use it to give the world s industrialized nations a small jolt, before reversing the shift back again. The only problem is, it cannot be reversed. Once it starts, there is nothing anyone can do. Austin, Zavala, and the rest of the NUMA Special Assignments Team must make strange alliances to protect this technology from being exploited by their new and power hungry nemesis before the entire planet is made to pay. Rich with all the hair raising action and endless imagination that have become Cussler s hallmarks, Polar Shift is a wonderful thriller indeed, vintage Cussler."
Vixen 03 Dirk Pitt 5 by Clive Cussler. No description available
The Mediterranean Caper Dirk Pitt 2 by Clive Cussler. No description available
The Navigator NUMA Files 7 by Clive Cussler Paul Kemprecos. No description available
Golden Buddha Oregon Files 1 by Clive Cussler Craig Dirgo. No Marketing Blurb
"Shock Wave Dirk Pitt 13 by Clive Cussler. A SUNDAY TIMES BESTSELLER 'Cussler is hard to beat' Daily Mail The thirteenth adrenaline filled Dirk Pitt classic from multi million copy king of the adventure novel, Clive Cussler. A hundred and forty years after a British ship wrecks on the way to an Australian penal colony and the survivors discover diamonds on the tropical island where they wash up, Maeve Fletcher, one of their descendants, is stranded on an island in Antarctica with a party of passengers after their cruise ship seemingly abandons them. Dirk Pitt, on an expedition to find the source of a deadly plague that is killing dolphins and seals in the Weddell Sea, finds Maeve and the passengers and rescues them from death. When Pitt later uncovers the cause of the plague, he discovers that Maeve's father, Arthur Dorsett, and her two sisters are responsible because of their diamond mining technology. A deadly race develops to stop Dorsett from continuing his murderous mining operations and to head off a disaster that will kill millions. Pitt's struggle to foil Dorsett's ruthless plan to destroy the market for diamonds and thus gain a monopoly of his own takes him from harrowing adventures off the west coast of Canada to being cast adrift in the Tasman Sea. 'Clive Cussler is the guy I read' Tom Clancy 'The Adventure King' Daily Express"
Raise the Titanic! Dirk Pitt 4 by Clive Cussler. No description available
Atlantis Found Dirk Pitt 15 by Clive Cussler. No description available
Muerte Blanca by Clive Cussler Paul Kemprecos. No description available
Iceberg Dirk Pitt 3 by Clive Cussler. No description available
Fire Ice NUMA Files 3 by Clive Cussler Paul Kemprecos. No description available
Lost City NUMA Files 5 by Clive Cussler Paul Kemprecos. No description available
"The Sea Hunters II The Sea Hunters 2 by Clive Cussler Craig Dirgo. The second thrilling account of 1 New York Times bestselling author Clive Cusslers's real life search for lost ships, planes, and other marvels that changed history. For decades, Clive Cussler s real life NUMA , the National Underwater and Marine Agency, has scoured rivers and seas in search of lost ships of historic significance. His teams have been inundated by tidal waves and beset by obstacles both human and natural but the results, and the stories behind them, have been dramatic. In this follow up to their bestselling first account, The Sea Hunters, Cussler and colleague Craig Dirgo provide another extraordinary narrative of their true seagoing and land adventures, including their searches for the famous ghost ship Mary Celeste, found floating off the Azores in 1874 with no one on board the Carpathia, the ship that rescued the Titanic survivors and was itself lost to U boats six years later and L Oiseau Blanc, the airplane that almost beat The Spirit of St. Louis across the Atlantic before disappearing in the Maine woods. All these, plus steamboats, ironclads, a seventeenth century flagship, a certain famous PT boat, and even a dirigible, are tantalizing targets as Cussler proves again that truth can be at least as fun, and sometimes stranger, than fiction Men s Journal ."
The Sea Hunters The Sea Hunters 1 by Clive Cussler Craig Dirgo. No description available
La Ciudad Perdida NUMA Files 5 by Clive Cussler Paul Kemprecos. No description available
Clive Cussler and Dirk Pitt Revealed by Clive Cussler Craig Dirgo. No description available
Cliffs Notes on Billy Budd Typee by Mary Ellen Snodgrass. No description available
Billy Budd Sailor and Other Uncompleted Writings The Writings of Herman Melville Volume 13 by Herman Melville Hershel Parker G. Thomas Tanselle Harrison Hayford Robert Sandberg Alma MacDougall Reising. No description available
Billy Budd marin by Herman Melville. No description available
The Elections of 2004 by Michael Nelson. No description available
Love Sick A Smoldering Look at Love Lust and Marriage by Michael J. Nelson Charles S. Anderson Design Company Pop Ink. No description available
Goth Icky A Macabre Menagerie of Morbid Monstrosities by Michael J. Nelson Charles S. Anderson Design Company Pop Ink. No description available
Fluffy Humpy Poopy Puppy A Ruff Dog Eared Look at Man's Best Friend by Michael J. Nelson Pop Ink Charles S. Anderson Design Company. No description available
Mike Nelson's Death Rat! by Michael J. Nelson. No description available
Joel on Software by Joel Spolsky. No description available
Hackers Painters Big Ideas from the Computer Age by Paul Graham Allen Noren Matt Hutchinson. No description available
I Robot Robot 0.1 by Isaac Asimov. No description available
I Robot The Illustrated Screenplay by Harlan Ellison. No description available
The Robots of Dawn Robot 3 by Isaac Asimov. No description available
I. Asimov by Isaac Asimov. No description available
Asimov's New Guide to Science by Isaac Asimov. No description available
Pebble in the Sky Galactic Empire 3 by Isaac Asimov. No description available
The Gods Themselves by Isaac Asimov. No description available
"The Stars Like Dust Galactic Empire 1 by Isaac Asimov. The Nebular Kingdoms had been conquered half a century before by the merciless Tyranni. Now Biron Farrill's father had disappeared, and Farrill knew that the Tyranni were responsible. The aging aristocrat was probably dead but Farrill had to be sure. His quest took him through the cosmic reaches of the galaxies, and became a hunt for the Rebellion World, the hidden planet which sheltered a conspiracy against the Tyranni. And not until he found it would he know whether that conspiracy could possibly succeed. Provided by publisher."
"The Currents of Space Galactic Empire 2 by Isaac Asimov. The second book in the Galactic Empire series, the spectacular precursor to the classic Foundation series, by one of history's most influential writers of science fiction, Isaac Asimov Trantor had extended its rule over half the Galaxy, but the other half defied its authority, defending their corrupt fiefdoms with violence and repression. On the planet Florina, the natives labored as slaves for their arrogant masters on nearby Sark. But now both worlds were hurtling toward a cataclysmic doom, and only one man knew the truth a slave unaware of the secret knowledge locked inside his own brain. Rik had once been a prominent scientist until a psychic probe erased all memories of his past. Now he was a humble laborer in the kyrt mills of Florina. Then the memories began to return, bringing with them the terrible truth about the future a truth that his masters on Sark would kill to keep secret . . . even at the cost of their own survival."
Gold The Final Science Fiction Collection by Isaac Asimov Orson Scott Card. No description available
Asimov's Guide to the Bible The Old Testament by Isaac Asimov. No description available
100 Great Fantasy Short Short Stories by Isaac Asimov Terry Carr Martin H. Greenberg Janet Fox. No description available
Rock Star Superstar by Blake Nelson. No description available
Writings and Selected Narratives of the Exploration and Settlement of Virginia by John Smith. No description available
John Paul George Ben by Lane Smith. No description available
Evolution and the Theory of Games by John Maynard Smith. No description available
The Origins of Life From the Birth of Life to the Origin of Language by John Maynard Smith E rs Szathm ry. No description available
American Genesis Captain John Smith and the Founding of Virginia by Alden T. Vaughan. No description available
"Twilight Twilight 1 by Stephenie Meyer. Fall in love with the addictive, suspenseful love story between a teenage girl and a vampire with the book that sparked a literary phenomenon and redefined romance for a generation New York Times . Isabella Swan's move to Forks, a small, perpetually rainy town in Washington, could have been the most boring move she ever made. But once she meets the mysterious and alluring Edward Cullen, Isabella's life takes a thrilling and terrifying turn. Up until now, Edward has managed to keep his vampire identity a secret in the small community he lives in, but now nobody is safe, especially Isabella, the person Edward holds most dear. The lovers find themselves balanced precariously on the point of a knife between desire and danger. Deeply romantic and extraordinarily suspenseful, Twilight captures the struggle between defying our instincts and satisfying our desires. This is a love story with bite. It's here! 1 bestselling author Stephenie Meyer makes a triumphant return to the world of Twilight with the highly anticipated companion, Midnight Sun the iconic love story of Bella and Edward told from the vampire's point of view. People do not want to just read Meyer's books they want to climb inside them and live there. Time A literary phenomenon. The New York Times"
Sense and Sensibility by Jane Austen. No description available
Uncle Shelby's ABZ Book by Shel Silverstein. No description available
Who Wants a Cheap Rhinoceros? by Shel Silverstein. No description available
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Hogwarts Library by Newt Scamander J.K. Rowling. No description available
J.K. Rowling A Biography by Sean Smith. No description available
Das Zauberer Handbuch Die Magische Welt der Joanne K. Rowling von A bis Z by Allan Zola Kronzek. No description available
Harry Potter und die Kammer des Schreckens Harry Potter 2 by J.K. Rowling. No description available
Harry Potter und der Gefangene von Askaban Harry Potter 3 by J.K. Rowling Rufus Beck. No description available
Harry Potter ve S rlar Odas Harry Potter 2 by J.K. Rowling Sevin Okyay. No description available
Harry Potter und der Gefangene von Askaban Harry Potter 3 by J.K. Rowling. No description available
There are No Children Here The Story of Two Boys Growing Up in the Other America by Alex Kotlowitz. No description available
Infants Children and Adolescents MyDevelopmentLab Series by Laura E. Berk. No description available
Spring Music by Elvi Rhodes. No description available
Scarlet Feather by Maeve Binchy. No description available
The Lilac Bus by Maeve Binchy. No description available
Light a Penny Candle by Maeve Binchy. No description available
Evening Class by Maeve Binchy. No description available
Circle of Friends by Maeve Binchy Ren Huigen Frans Thom se. No description available
Nos r ves de Castelbay by Maeve Binchy. No description available
Les Saveurs de la vie by Maeve Binchy. No description available
Kiss by Jill Mansell. No description available
Solo by Jill Mansell. No description available
Two's Company by Jill Mansell. No description available
Open House by Jill Mansell. No description available
"The Dream Kingdom The Morland Dynasty 26 by Cynthia Harrod Eagles. Edwardian England is a country at the peak of its power a kingdom of peace, prosperity and progress. As Jessie and Violet enjoy their coming out in the glittering Season of 1908, their thoughts are of pleasure, dancing and falling in love. For the Morlands things seem set fair new business ventures expand their influence and wealth there are weddings, babies in the nursery, careers for the boys now reaching manhood. It is an exciting age, with new technologies motor cars, telephones, radio, aeroplanes extending man's control over the natural world. But under the appearance of permanence, a different reality is stirring. Socialism, the suffrage movement, the constitutional crisis, all call forth ever more dissent and anger. Increasingly violent protests and strikes disturb the peace war with Germany looms ever closer. With the King's death, it begins to seem that the safe Edwardian world was only a dream, from which the wakening will be hard indeed."
Falling for You by Jill Mansell. No description available
Millie's Fling by Jill Mansell. No description available
Sheer Mischief by Jill Mansell. No description available
Head Over Heels by Jill Mansell. No description available
Mixed Doubles by Jill Mansell. No description available
M li m lo by Jill Mansell. No description available
Seven Sunny Days by Chris Manby. No description available
Girl Meets Ape by Chris Manby. No description available
Girls' Night In by Jessica Adams Chris Manby Fiona Walker. No description available
Tales from Shakespeare by Charles Lamb Mary Lamb Arthur Rackham. No description available
Shakespeare's Sonnets by William Shakespeare Katherine Duncan Jones. No description available
Love Poems and Sonnets by William Shakespeare. No description available
Shakespeare A to Z The Essential Reference to His Plays His Poems His Life and Times and More by Charles Boyce David Allen White. No description available
The Sonnets by William Shakespeare Stephen Orgel John Hollander. No description available
Shakespeare's Secret by Elise Broach. No description available
The Complete Sonnets and Poems by William Shakespeare Colin Burrow. No description available
The Arden Shakespeare Complete Works by William Shakespeare Richard Proudfoot Ann Thompson David Scott Kastan Harold Jenkins. No description available
Reduced Shakespeare The Attention impaired Readers Guide to the World's Best Playwright by Reed Martin Austin Tichenor. No description available
"The Cat Who Knew Shakespeare Cat Who... 7 by Lilian Jackson Braun. In this mystery in the bestselling Cat Who series, there s something rotten in the small town of Pickax at least to the sensitive noses of newspaperman Jim Qwilleran and his Siamese cats Koko and Yum Yum. An accident has claimed the life of the local paper s eccentric publisher, but to Qwilleran and his feline friends it smells like murder. They soon sniff out a shocking secret, but Koko s snooping into an unusual edition of Shakespeare may prove CATastrophic... because somewhere in Pickax, a lady loves not wisely but too well, a widow is scandalously merry, and a stranger has a lean and hungry look. The stage is set for Qwilleran, Koko, Yum Yum, and the second act of murder most meow..."
The Shakespeare Stealer Shakespeare Stealer 1 by Gary L. Blackwood. No description available
Richard III by William Shakespeare Barbara A. Mowat Paul Werstine. No description available
King Henry VI Part 3 by William Shakespeare John D. Cox Eric Rasmussen. No description available
The Age Of Shakespeare by Frank Kermode. No description available
Ukraine by Sarah Johnstone. No description available
Jimi Hendrix The Complete Guide to His Music Complete Guide to the Music of... by Peter Doggett. No description available
Outside the Dog Museum Answered Prayers 4 by Jonathan Carroll. No description available
Glass Soup Vincent Ettrich 2 by Jonathan Carroll. No description available
The Land of Laughs by Jonathan Carroll. No description available
"Sleeping in Flame Answered Prayers 2 by Jonathan Carroll Dave McKean. Back in print, a classic of literary fantasy from the author of The Wooden Sea and The Land of Laughs."
Bones of the Moon Answered Prayers 1 by Jonathan Carroll. No description available
Kissing the Beehive Crane's View 1 by Jonathan Carroll. No description available
Baby Proof by Emily Giffin. No description available
Something Blue Darcy Rachel 2 by Emily Giffin. No description available
P.S. Longer Letter Later Elizabeth and Tara Starr 1 by Paula Danziger Ann M. Martin. No description available
P.S. Your Cat Is Dead by James Kirkwood Jr.. No description available
P.S. I Love You Three! by Lynda Milligan Nancy J. Smith. No description available
The Christmas Shoes Christmas Hope 1 by Donna VanLiere. No description available
Burning The Map by Laura Caldwell. No description available
iMovie 4 iDVD The Missing Manual The Missing Manual by David Pogue. No description available
The Icarus Agenda by Robert Ludlum. No description available
Life Is a Dream by Pedro Calder n de la Barca. No description available
Life Is a Dream and Other Spanish Classics Eric Bentley's Dramatic Repertoire Volume II by Pedro Calder n de la Barca Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra Lope de Vega Tirso de Molina Roy Campbell Eric Bentley. No description available
Life Is A Dream La Vida Es Sue o by Pedro Calder n de la Barca Stanley Appelbaum. No description available
Life Is a Dream by Pedro Calder n de la Barca Gregary Racz. No description available
Stylepedia A Guide to Graphic Design Mannerisms Quirks and Conceits by Steven Heller Louise Fili. No description available
I Can Fly by Ruth Krauss Mary Blair. No description available
A Whole Lotta Love by Donna Hill Francis Ray Brenda Jackson Monica Jackson. No description available
"The Best of Pippi Longstocking Pippi Longstocking 1 3 by Astrid Lindgren Tony Ross. Pippi lives in a house with a horse, a monkey, a suitcase full of gold, and no grown ups to tell her what to do. She's wild and funny and her crazy ideas have a way of making anything exciting! This edition contains all three classic Pippi Longstocking adventures."
Astrid Lindgren Storyteller to the World by Johanna Hurwitz Michael Dooling. No description available
Astrid Lindgren by Eva Maria Metcalf. No description available
The Moffats The Moffats 1 by Eleanor Estes Louis Slobodkin. Publisher Description
Arthur and the Lost Kingdoms by Alistair Moffat. No description available
God's Generals Why They Succeeded and Why Some Fail by Roberts Liardon. No description available
"The Alley The Alley 1 by Eleanor Estes Edward Ardizzone. In the heart of Brooklyn, New York, there is an alley that is the most beautiful place to live in the whole wide world. Or so Connie Ives believes. The alley is the perfect location to sharpen Connie's swinging skills, hold practices for the Alley Conservatory of Music, and convict a burglar by trial. From the bestselling author of Ginger Pye comes the story of a little girl whose eyes are always open to the beauty of the world that surrounds her."
"Pinky Pye The Pyes 2 by Eleanor Estes Edward Ardizzone. ALA Notable Book A family is adopted by a very talented kitten in this captivating story, told with . . . whimsical humor by the beloved Newbery medalist Chicago Tribune . The Pyes are spending the summer on Fire Island when they discover a skinny, furious black kitten wearing an unusual sign around her neck. This family has some of the smartest pets around there s Ginger the intellectual dog, and Gracie the clever old cat but the spirited stray named Pinky is more than smart enough to earn a place in the Pyes hearts. She can box with Ginger, play games with Mr. Pye, and Rachel and Jerry can hardly believe their eyes even type out her life story! Told with loving tenderness, whimsical humor, and suspense, it has all the special magic that is Eleanor Estes trademark. . . . Don t miss it. Chicago Tribune All the characters animal or human have a high old time . . . That is the appeal of the Pyes no one of them is quite like anyone else yet each is believable. The New York Times Realistic and fantastic, tender and comic, but always absorbing, engaging, and chuckle producing. The Saturday Review of Literature"
The Witch Family by Eleanor Estes Edward Ardizzone. No description available
The Hundred Dresses by Eleanor Estes Louis Slobodkin. No description available
Theater Shoes by Noel Streatfeild Diane Goode. No description available
Gemma Alone Gemma 3 by Noel Streatfeild. No description available
When the Siren Wailed by Noel Streatfeild Judith Gwyn Brown. No description available
The Caine Mutiny Court Martial by Herman Wouk. No description available
Band of Brothers E Company 506th Regiment 101st Airborne from Normandy to Hitler's Eagle's Nest by Stephen E. Ambrose. No description available
Midnight Riders The Story of the Allman Brothers Band by Scott Freeman. No description available
Babar's World Tour by Laurent de Brunhoff. No description available
The Easter Rabbit's Parade by Lois Lenski. No description available
The Little Fire Engine by Lois Lenski. No description available
Right Stuff Wrong Sex America's First Women in Space Program by Margaret A. Weitekamp. No description available
The Right Stuff To Protect and Defend 3 by Merline Lovelace. No description available
For Whom the Bell Tolls by Ernest Hemingway. No description available
Cliffs Notes on Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises by Gary K. Carey. No description available
"Dune Dune 1 by Frank Herbert Domingo Santos. DUNE PART TWO THE MAJOR MOTION PICTURE Directed by Denis Villeneuve, screenplay by Denis Villeneuve and Jon Spaihts, based on the novel Dune by Frank Herbert Starring Timoth e Chalamet, Zendaya, Rebecca Ferguson, Josh Brolin, Austin Butler, Florence Pugh, Dave Bautista, Christopher Walken, L a Seydoux, with Stellan Skarsg rd, with Charlotte Rampling, and Javier Bardem Frank Herbert s classic masterpiece a triumph of the imagination and one of the bestselling science fiction novels of all time. Set on the desert planet Arrakis, Dune is the story of Paul Atreides who would become known as Maud'Dib and of a great family's ambition to bring to fruition humankind s most ancient and unattainable dream. A stunning blend of adventure and mysticism, environmentalism and politics, Dune won the first Nebula Award, shared the Hugo Award, and formed the basis of what is undoubtedly the grandest epic in science fiction."
God Emperor of Dune Dune Chronicles 4 by Frank Herbert. No description available
"Sandworms of Dune Dune Chronicles 8 by Brian Herbert Kevin J. Anderson. Based directly on Frank Herbert's final outline, Sandworms of Dune answers the long debated, urgent questions of Dune fans the origin of the Honored Matres, the tantalizing future of the planet Arrakis, and the resolution to the war between Man and Machine. HCL Tor."
In Harm's Way The Sinking of the USS Indianapolis and the Extraordinary Story of Its Survivors by Doug Stanton. No description available
Harm's Way by Elizabeth Stewart. No description available
Harm's Way Lust Madness Murder Mayhem by Joel Peter Witkin Stanley B. Burns. No description available
I Like Winter Seasons 3 by Lois Lenski Heidi Kilgras. Take a walk through the winter season in this wonderfully illustrated book. What do you love about winter? Does it snow where you live? Do you like putting on warm winter clothing?
Strawberry Girl by Lois Lenski. No description available
"Betsy Tacy and Tib Betsy Tacy 2 by Maud Hart Lovelace Lois Lenski. Best Friends Forever There are lots of children on Hill Street, but no little girls Betsy's age. So when a new family moves into the house across the street, Betsy hopes they will have a little girl she can play with. Sure enough, they do a little girl named Tacy. And from the moment they meet at Betsy's fifth birthday party, Betsy and Tacy becoms such good friends that everyone starts to think of them as one person Betsy Tacy. Betsy and Tacy have lots of fun together. They make a playhouse from a piano box, have a sand store, and dress up and go calling. And one day, they come home to a wonderful surprise a new friend named Tib. Ever since their first publication in the 1940's, the Betsy Tacy stories have been loved by each generation of young readers."
After Collapse The Regeneration of Complex Societies by Glenn M. Schwartz. No description available
Seize The Fire by Elda Minger. No description available
We Were Soldiers Once... and Young Ia Drang The Battle that Changed the War in Vietnam by Harold G. Moore Joseph L. Galloway. No description available
We Were Soldiers Once ... and Young Ia Drang the Battle That Changed the War in Vietnam by Harold G. Moore Joseph L. Galloway. No description available
We were Soldiers Once... and young by Harold G. Moore Joseph L. Galloway. No description available
Eisenhower Soldier and President by Stephen E. Ambrose. No description available
Dwight D. Eisenhower The American Presidents 34 by Tom Wicker Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.. No description available
Crusade in Europe by Dwight D. Eisenhower. No description available
Total Cold War Eisenhower's Secret Propaganda Battle at Home and Abroad by Kenneth Osgood. No description available
So Far from God The U.S. War With Mexico 1846 1848 by John S.D. Eisenhower. No description available
Yanks The Epic Story of the American Army in World War I by John S.D. Eisenhower Joanne Thompson Eisenhower. No description available
"Eisenhower Volume 2 The President by Stephen E. Ambrose. Stephen E. Ambrose draws upon extensive sources, an unprecedented degree of scholarship, and numerous interviews with Dwight D. Eisenhower himself to offer the fullest, richest, and most objective rendering yet of the soldier who became president. Eisenhower The President, the second and concluding volume of Stephen Ambrose's brilliant biography, is the first assessment of a postwar President based on access to the entire record. It covers a wide range of subjects, including Eisenhower's rejection of the near unanimous advice he received as President to use atomic weapons his thinking on defense policy and the Cold War his handling of a multitude of foreign affairs crises his attitudes and actions on civil rights his views on Joseph McCarthy and on communism. Also illuminated are Eisenhower's relations with Nixon, Truman, Khrushchev, de Gaulle, and other world leaders. Ambrose provides us with an extraordinary portrait fairminded and enormously well informed of the man, both decent and complex, who is increasingly regarded as one of the twentieth century's greatest Presidents."
The Autobiography of Martin Luther King Jr. by Martin Luther King Jr. Clayborne Carson. No description available
Bull Halsey by E.B. Potter. No description available
The Water Babies by Charles Kingsley W. Heath Robinson. No description available
Water Water Everywhere A Splash Giggle Bath Book Baby Einstein by Julie Aigner Clark Nadeem Zaidi. No description available
Shoot the Piano Player by David Goodis. No description available
CliffsNotes on Shakespeare's Twelfth Night by James Lamar Roberts CliffsNotes William Shakespeare. No description available
Twelfth Night Or What You Will by William Shakespeare Elizabeth Story Donno Penny Gay. No description available
How to Spell Like a Champ by Barrie Trinkle Paige Kimble Carolyn Andrews. No description available
Black Like Me by John Howard Griffin. No description available
Men Are Like Waffles Women Are Like Spaghetti by Bill Farrel Pam Farrel. No description available
As You Like It by William Shakespeare Arkangel Cast Victoria Hamilton Niamh Cusack Stephen Mangan. No description available
As You Like It by William Shakespeare. No description available
As You Like It by William Shakespeare Juliet Dusinberre. No description available
As You Like It No Fear Shakespeare by William Shakespeare SparkNotes John Crowther. No description available
War of the Rats by David L. Robbins. No description available
Nimitz Class Admiral Arnold Morgan 1 by Patrick Robinson. No description available
Having a Mary Heart in a Martha World Finding Intimacy with God in the Busyness of Life by Joanna Weaver. No description available
Thirst by Mary Oliver. No description available
The Gilded Web Web 1 by Mary Balogh. No description available
Resurrection by Leo Tolstoy Louise Maude Aylmer Maude. No description available
Red Road From Stalingrad Recollections of a Soviet Infantryman by Mansur Abdulin Artem Drabkin. No description available
The Fall of Berlin 1945 by Antony Beevor. No description available
Paris After the Liberation 1944 1949 by Antony Beevor Artemis Cooper. No description available
Demon Angel The Guardians 1 by Meljean Brook. No description available
Mariel Hemingway's Healthy Living from the Inside Out Every Woman's Guide to Real Beauty Renewed Energy and a Radiant Life by Mariel Hemingway. No description available
Hemingway vs. Fitzgerald by Scott Donaldson. No description available
The Haj by Leon Uris. No description available
Mila 18 by Leon Uris. No description available
A God in Ruins by Leon Uris. No description available
Battle Cry by Leon Uris. No description available
The Angry Hills by Leon Uris. No description available
Exodus by Leon Uris. No description available
Oh Play That Thing by Roddy Doyle. No description available
The Van The Barrytown Trilogy 3 by Roddy Doyle. No description available
Fish Chips The Barrytown Trilogie 3 by Roddy Doyle Renate Orth Guttmann. No description available
The Giggler Treatment by Roddy Doyle Brian Ajhar. No description available
A Star Called Henry by Roddy Doyle. No description available
The Van by Roddy Doyle. No description available
Rover rettet Weihnachten. by Roddy Doyle Brian Ajhar. No description available
The Snapper by Roddy Doyle. No description available
Yeats Is Dead by Roddy Doyle Frank McCourt Conor McPherson Gene Kerrigan Gina Moxley Marian Keyes Pauline McLynn Tom Humphries Joseph O'Connor Anthony Cronin Owen O'Neill Hugo Hamilton Charlie O'Neill Gerard Stembridge Donal O'Kelly. No description available
The Fantastic Vampire Studies in the Children of the Night Selected Essays from the Eighteenth International Conference on the Fantastic in the Arts by James Craig Holte. No description available
A Dracula Handbook by Elizabeth Russell Miller. No description available
Real Estate Loopholes Secrets of Successful Real Estate Investing by Diane Kennedy Garrett Sutton Robert T. Kiyosaki. No description available
Hope is the Thing with Feathers A Personal Chronicle of Vanished Birds by Christopher Cokinos. No description available
Goodbye Forever Sweet Dreams 72 by Barbara Conklin. No description available
Winter Dreams Sweet Dreams 141 by Barbara Conklin. No description available
First Last and Always Sweet Dreams 96 by Barbara Conklin. No description available
P.S. I Love You Sealed with a Kiss 4 by Valerie Parv. No description available
PS I Love You Baby Collection by Lynda Milligan Nancy J. Smith. No description available
Tales from Margaritaville by Jimmy Buffett. No description available
A Pirate Looks at Fifty by Jimmy Buffett Leona Nevler. No description available
The Parrot Head Companion An Insider's Guide to Jimmy Buffett by Thomas Ryan. No description available
The Dog Who Loved Too Much Tales Treatments and the Psychology of Dogs by Nicholas Dodman. No description available
Barack Obama Working to Make a Difference by Marlene Targ Brill Lerner Publishing Group. No description available
Great Speeches by African Americans Frederick Douglass Sojourner Truth Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Barack Obama and Others by James Daley Barack Obama Martin Luther King Jr.. No description available
The Heart of a Leader by Kenneth H. Blanchard. No description available
Mission Possible by Kenneth H. Blanchard. No description available
Lead Like Jesus Lessons from the Greatest Leadership Role Model of All Time by Kenneth H. Blanchard Phil Hodges. No description available
The Little Book of Coaching Motivating People to Be Winners by Kenneth H. Blanchard Don Shula. No description available
Full Steam Ahead! Unleash the Power of Vision in Your Work and Your Life by Kenneth H. Blanchard Jesse Stoner. No description available
The Servant Leader by Kenneth H. Blanchard. No description available
Down Under by Bill Bryson. No description available
Bizarre World by Bill Bryson Kathryn Lamb. No description available
The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid A Memoir by Bill Bryson. No description available
Bill Bryson The Complete Notes by Bill Bryson. No description available
Motel Blues by Bill Bryson David B. Ellis. No description available
Journeys in English by Bill Bryson. No description available
Una breve historia de casi todo by Bill Bryson Jos Manuel lvarez. No description available
"Lover Revealed Black Dagger Brotherhood 4 by J.R. Ward. Human police officer Butch O'Neal is allowed into the Brotherhood's inner circle, where he comes under the spell of the beautiful and aristocratic vampire Marissa. But O'Neal is no ordinary human, and the real reason for his presence is soon revealed."
Dark Lover Black Dagger Brotherhood 1 by J.R. Ward. No description available
"Lover Awakened Black Dagger Brotherhood 3 by J.R. Ward. Even within the vampire brotherhood, Zsadist is feared. Still bearing the scars from a tortured past, he is renowned for his unquenchable fury. Anger is his only companion, and terror is his only passion until he rescues a beautiful female from the evil Lessening Society."
All Things Wise and Wonderful by James Herriot. No description available
CliffsNotes on Remarque's All Quiet on the Western Front by Susan Van Kirk CliffsNotes Erich Maria Remarque. No description available
All Quiet on the Western Front by Erich Maria Remarque. No description available
The Nightingale's Song by Kathleen Eschenburg. No description available
Nightingale's Song by Kate Pennington. No description available
Gai Jin Asian Saga 3 by James Clavell. No description available
"Whirlwind Asian Saga 6 by James Clavell. 'James Clavell does more than entertain. He transports us into worlds we've not known, stimulating, educating, questioning . . . a wonder of detail' Washington Post 'The author handles the plot with all the confident authority of a ring master, keeping a half dozen themes and a formidable cast of characters moving along at a cracking pace. By the end I was breathless and lost in admiration at the sheer professionalism of it all' Sunday Telegraph Whirlwind is the story of three weeks in Tehran in February 1979 three weeks of fanaticism, passion, self sacrifice and heartbreak. Caught between the revolutionaries and the forces of international intrigue is a team of professional pilots. They are ordered to flee to safety with their helicopters. Two of them, both Europeans, have Iranian wives whom they love beyond safety and politics. 'So abundant in sub plots, characters, intrigue and atmosphere that its 1,000 plus pages seem barely adequate. Some of the most enjoyable reading around' Daily Mail"
Tai Pan Asian Saga 2 by James Clavell. No description available
Escape The Love Story from Whirlwind by James Clavell. No description available
Alaska by James A. Michener. No description available
The Drifters by James A. Michener. No description available
Sayonara by James A. Michener. No description available
The Bridge at Andau by James A. Michener. No description available
Caribbean by James A. Michener. No description available
War and Remembrance The Henry Family 2 by Herman Wouk. No description available
Don't Stop the Carnival by Herman Wouk. No description available
"The Hope The Hope and the Glory 1 by Herman Wouk. NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER Pulitzer Prize winning author Jon Meacham explores the seven last sayings of Jesus as recorded in the Gospels, combining rich historical and theological insights to reflect on the true heart of the Christian story. For Jon Meacham, as for believers worldwide, the events of Good Friday and Easter reveal essential truths about Christianity. A former vestryman of Trinity Church Wall Street and St. Thomas Church Fifth Avenue, Meacham delves into that intersection of faith and history in this meditation on the seven phrases Jesus spoke from the cross. Beginning with Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they do and ending with Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit, Meacham captures for the reader how these words epitomize Jesus s message of love, not hate grace, not rage and, rather than vengeance, extraordinary mercy. For each saying, Meacham composes an essay on the origins of Christianity and how Jesus s final words created a foundation for oral and written traditions that upended the very order of the world. Writing in a tone more intimate than any of his previous works, Jon Meacham returns us to the moment that transformed Jesus from a historical figure into the proclaimed Son of God, worshiped by billions."
Youngblood Hawke by Herman Wouk. No description available
Aurora Dawn by Herman Wouk. No description available
A Long Way Gone Memoirs of a Boy Soldier by Ishmael Beah. No description available
Yellow Back Radio Broke Down by Ishmael Reed. No description available
Sorrow's Anthem Lincoln Perry 2 by Michael Koryta. No description available
White Fang by Jack London. No description available
The Call of the Wild White Fang and Other Stories by Jack London. No description available
White Fang by Kathleen Olmstead Jack London Dan Andreasen Arthur Pober. No description available
The Sea Wolf and Selected Stories by Jack London Ben Bova. No description available
The Death of an Irish Sea Wolf Peter McGarr 12 by Bartholomew Gill. No description available
Jack London Illustrated The Call of the Wild White Fang The Sea Wolf 40 Short Stories by Jack London. No description available
The Sea Wolf by Jack London. No description available
"Kilo Class Admiral Arnold Morgan 2 by Patrick Robinson. It's one of the stealthiest, most dangerous underwater warships ever built and it's about to set off World War III. Silent at less than five knots and capable of a massive nuclear warhead punch, it's the 240 foot Russian Kilo Class submarine. Strapped for hard cash, the Russians have produced ten new Kilos for Beijing. The Chinese have already received three of the subs and now the last seven are ready to be delivered a code red situation the Pentagon must avert. Armed with a full strike force of Kilos, China can cripple American interests, shatter the balance of power, and successfully achieve the unthinkable in the Pacific Rim. But not if the newly appointed National Security Adviser, wily Texas admiral Arnold Morgan, can stop them using the navy's deadliest covert forces. In a breathtaking race against time, a team of Navy SEALs penetrates deep inside the remote waters of northern Russia on a daring mission of destruction. And in the icy darkness of the North Atlantic, a brave U.S. captain takes his 7,000 ton nuclear vessel on a hair raising trip beneath the polar ice cap to head off a powerful Russian cordon determined to transport the Kilos at any cost. Horns locked in a tense game of geomilitary survival, each of the world' three most powerful nations knows that one mistake will mean all out war."
"Barracuda 945 Admiral Arnold Morgan 6 by Patrick Robinson. The enemy from within . . . Iranian born British Commando Major Ray Kerman was a rising star in the SAS until he abruptly switched loyalties while on a mission in the Middle East. Fanatically determined to employ his brilliant talents and training in the destruction of those he once swore to protect, he is now General Ravi Rashood, leader of the world's most vicious terrorist organization and he has found his ultimate weapon Barracuda 945. A sleek and silent Russian hunter killer nuclear submarine that can fire land attack guided missiles from below the ocean's surface, it is invisible to all pursuers and virtually impossible to track. Yet Admiral Arnold Morgan, the President's National Security Adviser, must somehow marshal America's forces and hunt down this 8,000 ton nightmare of modern warfare before it unleashes its fire and death . . . or the first target to fall will be California."
H.M.S. Unseen Admiral Arnold Morgan 3 by Patrick Robinson Sandler David McCallum. No description available
Slider by Patrick Robinson. No description available
"U.S.S. Seawolf Admiral Arnold Morgan 4 by Patrick Robinson. Armed with stolen U.S. military technology, the Chinese are producing a frightening new breed of weaponry,led by the ICBM submarine Xia III a vessel that just might be able to launch a nuclear warhead across the Pacific Ocean and take out an American West Coast city. National Security Adviser Admiral Arnold Morgan can't let that happen, and he dispatches the most stealthy hunter killer submarine in the U.S. fleet, the 9,000 ton ultrasecret Seawolf, deep into the dark, forbidden waters of the South China Sea. But then the unthinkable happens Seawolf, collides with a Chinese destroyer and falls into enemy hands. A team of cunning Navy SEALs the biggest Special Forces assault group assembled since Vietnam is sent in to free the captive Seawolf, crew and bring them home. The American Eagle confronts the Chinese Dragon with the balance of world power on the line. Failure is not an option..."
Menace Invisible Admiral Arnold Morgan 3 by Patrick Robinson. No description available
True Blue The Oxford Boat Race Mutiny by Daniel Topolski Patrick Robinson. No description available
A Picture Book of Anne Frank by David A. Adler Karen Ritz. No description available
Who Was Anne Frank? by Ann Abramson Nancy Harrison. No description available
Enslaved by Ducks by Bob Tarte. No description available
Ice Castles by Leonore Fleischer. No description available
Marching Powder A True Story of Friendship Cocaine and South America's Strangest Jail by Rusty Young Thomas McFadden. No description available
Marching Powder by Rusty Young. No description available
Nations and Nationalism since 1780 Programme Myth Reality by Eric Hobsbawm. No description available
Interesting Times A Twentieth Century Life by Eric Hobsbawm. No description available
Industry and Empire The Birth of the Industrial Revolution by Eric Hobsbawm Chris Wrigley. No description available
The Communist Manifesto by Karl Marx Friedrich Engels Eric Hobsbawm. No description available
On the Edge of the New Century by Eric Hobsbawm Allan Cameron Antonio Polito. No description available
The Age of Extremes The Short Twentieth Century 1914 1991 by Eric Hobsbawm. No description available
Echoes of the Marseillaise Two Centuries Look Back on the French Revolution by Eric Hobsbawm. No description available
Winter Is the Warmest Season by Lauren Stringer. No description available
Winter Four Seasons 4 by N ria Roca Rosa Mar a Curto. No description available
It's Winter by Linda Glaser Glaser Linda Susan Swan. No description available
Winter Season A Dancer's Journal by Toni Bentley. No description available
Twilight of the Idols The Anti Christ by Friedrich Nietzsche Michael Tanner. No description available
Practical DV Filmmaking by Russell Evans. No description available
Diana Vreeland by Eleanor Dwight. No description available
Inventive Paris clothes 1909 1939 a photographic essay by Diana Vreeland Irving Penn. No description available
Brown V. Board of Education A Civil Rights Milestone and Its Troubled Legacy by James T. Patterson. No description available
Henry V by William Shakespeare Stephen Orgel A.R. Braunmuller Claire McEachern. No description available
Hegemony and Socialist Strategy Towards a Radical Democratic Politics by Ernesto Laclau Chantal Mouffe. No description available
On Populist Reason by Ernesto Laclau. No description available
Contingency Hegemony Universality Contemporary Dialogues on the Left by Judith Butler Ernesto Laclau Slavoj i ek. No description available
The Meaning of Life by Terry Eagleton. No description available
Sweet Violence The Idea of the Tragic by Terry Eagleton. No description available
The English Novel An Introduction by Terry Eagleton. No description available
MySQL Cookbook by Paul DuBois. No description available
High Performance MySQL Optimization Backups Replication Load Balancing by Jeremy D. Zawodny Derek J. Balling. No description available
Not Without My Daughter by Betty Mahmoody. No description available
Aman The Story of a Somali Girl by Virginia Lee Barnes. No description available
"Amanda's Story The Girls of Lighthouse Lane 4 by Thomas Kinkade Erika Tamar. Katherine is the daughter of the lighthouse keeper. She dreams of becoming a painter. But in 1905, a girl can't grow up to be a famous artist can she? Rose just moved to the town of Cape Light. She wants to fit in with her new friends, but Rose has a secret she can't share with anyone ... Lizabeth is Kat's rich cousin who always gets what she wants. But Lizabeth soon finds out that money can't keep her from losing the most precious thing of all ... Amanda's mother passed away, and now Amanda keeps house for her minister father. When she meets a very special young man, can she find the courage to be friends with him in spite of her father's disapproval? The quiet New England town of Cape Light never seems to change. But starting in 1905, the lives of these four friends will be transformed in ways they never could have imagined ..."
"Lizabeth's Story The Girls of Lighthouse Lane 3 by Thomas Kinkade Erika Tamar. During a scarlet fever outbreak in 1906, thirteen year old Lizabeth must decide whether it is more important to be Strawberry Queen or to be at the bedside of her younger sister, who is ill."
Kids Are Worth It! Giving Your Child the Gift of Inner Discipline by Barbara Coloroso. No description available
Creating a Life Worth Living by Carol Lloyd. No description available
Happy Endings Finishing the Edges of Your Quilts by Mimi Dietrich. No description available
Unspeakable Truths and Happy Endings Human Cruelty and the New Trauma Therapy by Rebecca Coffey. No description available
Year's Happy Ending by Betty Neels. No description available
Trail of Tears The Rise and Fall of the Cherokee Nation by John Ehle. No description available
The Trail of Tears by Joseph Bruchac Diana Magnuson. No description available
Are You Afraid of the Dark? by Sidney Sheldon. No description available
Nothing Lasts Forever by Sidney Sheldon. No description available
Rage of Angels by Sidney Sheldon. No description available
He Sees You When You're Sleeping by Mary Higgins Clark Carol Higgins Clark. No description available
My Gal Sunday by Mary Higgins Clark. No description available
We'll Meet Again by Mary Higgins Clark. No description available
All Through the Night by Mary Higgins Clark. No description available
The Night Awakens A Mystery Writers of America Anthology by Mary Higgins Clark Angela Zeman Noreen Ayres Sally Cabot Gunning Joseph Hansen Sarah Shankman Nancy Pickard Eleanor Taylor Bland Brendan DuBois Edward D. Hoch Loren D. Estleman. No description available
Where Are the Children? by Mary Higgins Clark. No description available
The Second Time Around by Mary Higgins Clark. No description available
You Belong To Me by Mary Higgins Clark. No description available
Stowaway and Milk Run Two Unabridged Stories From Mary Higgins Clark by Mary Higgins Clark Jan Maxwell. No description available
"The Christmas Thief Regan Reilly Mysteries 9 by Mary Higgins Clark Carol Higgins Clark. Lottery winner turned amateur sleuth Alvirah Meehan joins with private detective Regan Reilly to track down the ninety foot tree, destined for display in Rockefeller Center, that vanished en route to the city."
Kitchen Privileges A Memoir by Mary Higgins Clark. No description available
I'll Be Seeing You by Mary Higgins Clark. No description available
Mount Vernon Love Story A Novel of George and Martha Washington by Mary Higgins Clark. No description available
Inventing the People The Rise of Popular Sovereignty in England and America by Edmund S. Morgan. No description available
Benjamin Franklin by Edmund S. Morgan. No description available
American Slavery American Freedom by Edmund S. Morgan. No description available
The Puritan Dilemma The Story of John Winthrop by Edmund S. Morgan. No description available
Thomas Jefferson Author of America by Christopher Hitchens. No description available
No One Left to Lie to The Values of the Worst Family by Christopher Hitchens. No description available
The Missionary Position Mother Teresa in Theory and Practice by Christopher Hitchens. No description available
Unacknowledged Legislation Writers in the Public Sphere by Christopher Hitchens. No description available
For the Sake of Argument Essays and Minority Reports by Christopher Hitchens. No description available
The Trial of Henry Kissinger by Christopher Hitchens. No description available
A Long Short War The Postponed Liberation of Iraq by Christopher Hitchens. No description available
Blaming the Victims Spurious Scholarship and the Palestinian Question by Edward W. Said Christopher Hitchens. No description available
1968 War and Democracy by Eugene J. McCarthy Christopher Hitchens. No description available
Orwell in Spain The Full Text of Homage to Catalonia with Associated Articles Reviews and Letters from the Complete Works of George Orwell by George Orwell Christopher Hitchens. No description available
Prepared for the Worst Selected Essays and Minority Reports by Christopher Hitchens. No description available
Hons and Rebels by Jessica Mitford Christopher Hitchens. No description available
Alles ist erleuchtet by Jonathan Safran Foer Dirk van Gunsteren. No description available
How to Be Lost by Amanda Eyre Ward. No description available
The Complete Stories of Theodore Sturgeon Volume 7 A Saucer of Loneliness by Theodore Sturgeon Paul Williams Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. No description available
Surviving Justice America's Wrongfully Convicted and Exonerated by Scott Turow Lola Vollen Dave Eggers. No description available
McSweeney's 14 by Dave Eggers. No description available
The Best of McSweeney's Vol. 2 by Dave Eggers. No description available
Une oeuvre d chirante d'un g nie renversant by Dave Eggers Michelle Herpe Volinsky. No description available
The Tenants of Moonbloom by Edward Lewis Wallant Dave Eggers. No description available
McSweeney's 18 by Dave Eggers. No description available
McSweeney's 19 by Dave Eggers T. Coraghessan Boyle Adam Golaski Sean Casey Brendan Connell. No description available
McSweeney's 11 by Dave Eggers A.G. Pasquella Brent Hoff Stephen Elliott Daphne Beal Denis Johnson Tom Bissell Sean Warren Samantha Hunt Robert Olmstead T. Coraghessan Boyle David Means Doug Dorst Joyce Carol Oates McSweeney's Publishing. No description available
Forty Stories by Donald Barthelme. No description available
A Tramp Abroad by Mark Twain Dave Eggers. No description available
Flores en el tico by V.C. Andrews Jes s Pardo. No description available
Black Cat Gemini 2 by V.C. Andrews. No description available
Shooting Stars Shooting Stars 1 4 by V.C. Andrews. No description available
Scattered Leaves Early Spring 2 by V.C. Andrews. No description available
"Rose Shooting Stars 3 by V.C. Andrews. Four V.C. Andrews New York Times bestsellers together for the first time! Cinnamon...She escaped her family's turmoil by dreaming of imaginary worlds. But it's her talent for the theater that gives Cinnamon a chance to truly escape. Ice...To her mother's dismay, she was a silent wallflower, not a social butterfly. Now, her secret gift her solid gold singing voice may become her saving grace. Rose...When she danced, she could dream and when her father's secrets threatened to destroy her world, a most unlikely person gives Rose the courage to follow her heart. Honey...Raised on her strict grandfather's farm, her natural born talent for the violin gave her a new life and love with a handsome soul mate. Will a shocking revelation shatter her newfound happiness?"
Ice Shooting Stars 2 by V.C. Andrews. No description available
Into the Woods De Beers 4 by V.C. Andrews. No description available
"Ruby Landry 1 by V.C. Andrews. The first novel in the spellbinding Landry family series. The only family Ruby Landry has ever known are her loving grandparents. Although her mother is dead and she has never met her mysterious father, Ruby is grateful for all she has, especially when her attraction for handsome Paul Tate blossoms into a wonderful love. But Paul's wealthy parents forbid him to associate with a poor Landry, and when Ruby's grandmother dies, she is forced to seek out the father she has never known in his vast New Orleans mansion. There, in a house of lies, madness and cruel torment, a shameful deception comes to light, and Ruby must cling to her memories of Paul for only their love can save her now."
Criss Cross by Lynne Rae Perkins. No description available
The Criss Cross by Crystal Lacey Winslow. No description available
Honey Shooting Stars 4 by V.C. Andrews. No description available
"Raven Orphans 4 by V.C. Andrews. Living with her kindly aunt and domineering uncle, Raven is threatened by humiliating secrets from her past which could ruin her dream of belonging to a real family."
Fulgor oculto Landry 3 by V.C. Andrews Elisa Cerdan. No description available
Hidden Leaves De Beers 5 by V.C. Andrews. No description available
Music in the Night Logan 4 by V.C. Andrews. No description available
Runaways Orphans 5 by V.C. Andrews. No description available
Child of Darkness Gemini 3 by V.C. Andrews. No description available
Die Flucht der Waisen Die Orphan Saga 5 by V.C. Andrews Susanne Althoetmar Smarczyk. No description available
Dornen des Gl cks Das Erbe von Foxworth Hall 3 by V.C. Andrews Michael G rden. No description available
"Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Harry Potter 1 by J.K. Rowling. Celebrate 20 years of Harry Potter magic! Harry Potter has never even heard of Hogwarts when the letters start dropping on the doormat at number four, Privet Drive. Addressed in green ink on yellowish parchment with a purple seal, they are swiftly confiscated by his grisly aunt and uncle. Then, on Harry's eleventh birthday, a great beetle eyed giant of a man called Rubeus Hagrid bursts in with some astonishing news Harry Potter is a wizard, and he has a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. An incredible adventure is about to begin!These new editions of the classic and internationally bestselling, multi award winning series feature instantly pick up able new jackets by Jonny Duddle, with huge child appeal, to bring Harry Potter to the next generation of readers. It's time to PASS THE MAGIC ON ..."
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Harry Potter 4 by J.K. Rowling. No description available
"Sun Kissed The Au Pairs 3 by Melissa de la Cruz. Back for the third summer in the Hamptons, Mara, Eliza and Jaqcui are determined to make it their best ever. Mara is living with Ryan Perry on his parents yacht, Eliza has her dream job of working for a famous fashion designer, and Jacqui is just ready for a relaxing summer before heading off to NYU. Unfortunately for the girls, things don't go quite to plan! Ryan turns out to be a world class slob, Eliza gets fired on her first day, by a woman who seems entirely too close to Jeremy, and Jacqui doesn't get into NYU. Can the girls find a way to keep their promise of it being the best summer of their lives?"
"Crazy Hot The Au Pairs 4 by Melissa de la Cruz. Back in the Hamptons for a final summer, the sun is hot, but the drama s hotter for Mara, Eliza, and Jacqui in the conclusion to the Beach Lane series. Mara, Eliza, and Jacqui thought they would be spending the summer apart, but when Eliza s stepmom is in desperate need of a nanny, Eliza calls for reinforcements. And so back to the Hamptons it is Mara s sworn off romance, and focusing instead on writing a book about being an au pair and an It Girl. But she keeps getting distracted by her ex, Ryan. Eliza is quickly becoming a fashion star but her relationship with Jeremy is also moving at breakneck speed. Are things moving too fast for her to handle? And Jacqui is just trying to do her job so she can pay for NYU, though it s hard when an Australian photographer is encouraging her to quit and become a model. Will she take a risk? However these girls survive their craziest, hottest summer yet, one thing s for sure The Hamptons wouldn t be the same without them. The Beach Lane series is created by Alloy Entertainment, producer of bestselling teen and middle grade series including The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, Gossip Girl, The Vampire Diaries, and Pretty Little Liars. Originally published as part of the Au Pairs series."
The Au Pairs The Au Pairs 1 by Melissa de la Cruz. No description available
Wooden A Lifetime of Observations and Reflections On and Off the Court by John Wooden Steve Jamison. No description available
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories by Robert Louis Stevenson Jenny Davidson. No description available
"The Once and Future King The Once and Future King 1 4 by T.H. White. T. H. White s masterful retelling of the saga of King Arthur is a fantasy classic as legendary as Excalibur and Camelot, and a poignant story of adventure, romance, and magic that has enchanted readers for generations. Once upon a time, a young boy called Wart was tutored by a magician named Merlyn in preparation for a future he couldn t possibly imagine. A future in which he would ally himself with the greatest knights, love a legendary queen and unite a country dedicated to chivalrous values. A future that would see him crowned and known for all time as Arthur, King of the Britons. During Arthur s reign, the kingdom of Camelot was founded to cast enlightenment on the Dark Ages, while the knights of the Round Table embarked on many a noble quest. But Merlyn foresaw the treachery that awaited his liege the forbidden love between Queen Guenever and Lancelot, the wicked plots of Arthur s half sister Morgause and the hatred she fostered in Mordred that would bring an end to the king s dreams for Britain and to the king himself. The Once and Future King mingles wisdom, wonderful, laugh out loud humor and deep sorrow while telling one of the great tales of the Western world. Guy Gavriel Kay"
Rose of No Man's Land by Michelle Tea. No description available
The Roses of No Man's Land by Lyn Macdonald. No description available
The Quitter by Harvey Pekar Dean Haspiel. No description available
The Best American Comics 2006 by Harvey Pekar Anne Elizabeth Moore Esther Pearl Watson Lilli Carr Robert Crumb Chris Ware Kim Deitch Jaime Hern ndez Alison Bechdel Joe Sacco Lynda Barry Justin Hall Joel Priddy Anders Nilsen David Lasky Ben Katchor Rebecca Dart Ivan Brunetti Jonathan Bennett John Porcellino David Heatley Lloyd Dangle Hob Gilbert Shelton Olivia Schanzer Alex Robinson Jessica Abel Seth Tobocman Rick Geary Tom Hart Kurt Wolfgang Jesse Reklaw. No description available
The New American Splendor Anthology From Off the Streets of Cleveland by Harvey Pekar. No description available
American Splendor Another Day by Harvey Pekar Ty Templeton Eddie Campbell Hilary Barta. No description available
Face Off How to Draw Amazing Caricatures Comic Portraits by Harry Hamernik. No description available
David Boring by Daniel Clowes. No description available
Lout Rampage! by Daniel Clowes. No description available
The Campfire Collection Spine tingling Tales to Tell in the Dark by Eric B. Martin George R. Stewart Peter Matthiessen Robert W. Service Judith M. Brueske Anthony Boucher Tobias Wolff John Long Frank Norris Beryl Bainbridge Greg Child Marc Reisner Haruki Murakami Jack London Edgar Allan Poe Paul Bowles Larry Kanuit. No description available
The People of Paper by Salvador Plascencia. No description available
The Gunslinger's Bride Montana Mavericks Historicals 1 by Cheryl St. John. No description available
"Two Brothers The Lawman The Gunslinger Two Brothers 1 2 by Linda Lael Miller. The bestselling classic from New York Times bestselling author Linda Lael Miller about a rugged pair of twin brothers the lawman and the gunslinger and how they find the ladies of their dreams across the Old West. Marshal Shay McQuillan has a lot on his hands stagecoach robbers to track, a murdered fianc to avenge and he doesn t need an identical twin brother, who he never knew existed, turning up out of the blue. Then Shay s world is truly shaken by lovely Aislinn Lethaby, a hotel worker who impulsively steps in to rescue him from danger! Is she a sweet distraction from his serious duties or the answer to his lonely heart? Now that he has found his twin brother, all Tristan Saint Laurent wants is to be a peaceful rancher. What he gets is Emily Starbuck, a determined package of trouble from back East. Tristan knows he should tell Emily and her aggravating sheep to move along, but he doesn t have the heart. Suddenly, the gunslinger is dreaming of married bliss. But his past may yet come between him and the woman he has come to loves."
The Gunslinger Two Brothers 2 by Linda Lael Miller. No description available
The Gunslinger by Mary McBride. No description available
Gunslinger and Nine Other Action Packed Stories of the Wild West by Ed Gorman Bill Pronzini. No description available
Leadership and the One Minute Manager Increasing Effectiveness Through Situational Leadership by Kenneth H. Blanchard Drea Zigarmi Patricia Zigarmi. No description available
Atlantic Shift by Emily Barr. No description available
Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen. No description available
Something Borrowed by Rebecca Hagan Lee. No description available
Double Cross Athena Force 4 by Meredith Fletcher. No description available
McNally's Alibi Archy McNally Novels by Vincent Lardo Lawrence Sanders. No description available
"McNally's Puzzle Archy McNally 6 by Lawrence Sanders. From the 1 New York Times bestselling author Palm Beach sleuth Archy McNally s feathers are ruffled when a bird store owner is killed. Hiram Gottschalk, owner of the Palm Beach shop Parrots Unlimited, fears for his life. First, he finds a photo of himself and his deceased wife slashed to ribbons then, a Mass card with his name on it is taped inside of his closet door now, someone has wrung the neck of his beloved pet bird. In desperation, he turns to McNally Son for a private investigation. McNally meets with Gottschalk, along with his client s cursing parrot. McNally wisely ignores the bird s command to go to hell, but he can t ignore the fallout when his client is stabbed in his sleep and Gottschalk s unstable son, Peter, becomes the prime suspect. When more victims turn up, McNally has to puzzle out the motives of a murderer who has just killed two more birds with one stone . . . and is now targeting the dapper detective."
McNally's Caper Archy McNally 4 by Lawrence Sanders. No description available
The First Deadly Sin Deadly Sins 2 by Lawrence Sanders. No description available
First Deadly Sin by Lawrence Sanders. No description available
The Anderson Tapes Deadly Sins 1 by Lawrence Sanders. No description available
"A Garden Of Vipers Carson Ryder 3 by Jack Kerley. When a young reporter is viciously murdered, Mobile, Alabama detectives Carson Ryder and Harry Nautilus find themselves drawn into the dealings of the wealthy Kincannon family, philanthropic socialites with ties to Ryder and to his journalist girlfriend. Then Ryder is abducted with no clues as to who did it or why. Digging to uncover the truth that could lead him to his partner, Nautilus discovers a web of connections between the dead reporter, an enigmatic behind the scenes powerbroker, and the Kincannons own dark secrets. The question quickly becomes What would the perfect family do to protect an image of perfection? The answer Whatever it takes."
"The Death Collectors Carson Ryder 2 by Jack Kerley. More than thirty years ago, artist and serial killer Marsden Hexcamp was shot to death in an Alabama courtroom by a deranged fan. Days later, grisly evidence from his crimes vanished. But among underground collectors of the macabre, his art lived on Today, a prostitute s body found in a motel room is the first in a series of ghastly tableaus paying tribute to Hexcamp s unspeakable talents. The discovery will lead homicide detectives Carson Ryder and Harry Nautilus is into the shocking world of the Death Collectors, where madness is an art and murder is the most beautiful act imaginable."
The Master by Colm T ib n. No description available
The South by Colm T ib n. No description available
The Blackwater Lightship by Colm T ib n. No description available
The Sign of the Cross Travels in Catholic Europe by Colm T ib n. No description available
Through the Arc of the Rain Forest by Karen Tei Yamashita. No description available
Tropic of Orange by Karen Tei Yamashita. No description available
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs MIT Electrical Engineering and Computer Science by Harold Abelson Gerald Jay Sussman Julie Sussman. No description available
Crooked Little Vein by Warren Ellis. No description available
Fell by Warren Ellis Ben Templesmith. No description available
Hellblazer Setting Sun by Warren Ellis Frank Teran Tim Bradstreet Javier Pulido James Romberger Marcelo Frus n. No description available
NextWave Agents of H.A.T.E. Vol. 1 This is What They Want by Warren Ellis Stuart Immonen Wade Von Grawbadger Dave McCaig. No description available
Desolation Jones Made in England by Warren Ellis J.H. Williams III. No description available
Iron Man Extremis by Warren Ellis Adi Granov. No description available
The Authority Vol. 2 Under New Management by Warren Ellis Mark Millar Bryan Hitch Frank Quitely. No description available
Azumanga Daioh Vol. 3 Azumanga Daioh 3 by Kiyohiko Azuma. No description available
The Queen of the Damned The Vampire Chronicles 3 by Anne Rice. No description available
La regina dei dannati by Anne Rice Roberta Rambelli. No description available
Interview with the Vampire The Vampire Chronicles 1 by Anne Rice. No description available
"C ntico de sangre Cr nicas Vamp ricas 10 by Anne Rice Camila Batlles. Varios de los personajes de las legendarias series de Anne Rice, Las cr nicas vamp ricas y Las brujas de Mayfair, coinciden en esta novela cuyo enfoque es el vampiro Lestat, y su deseo de transformarse en un Santo. Mona Mayfair, arrastrada al reino de los inmortales Rowan Mayfair, que siente una peligrosa atracci n por Lestat Patsy, una cantante de m sica de campo que vuelve para enfrentarse a aqu l que la asesin y el esp ritu de Julien Mayfair, comparten las p ginas de esta unificaci n de las dos historias."
Vampire Chronicles Interview with the Vampire The Vampire Lestat The Queen of the Damned Anne Rice by Anne Rice Robert O'Keefe F. Murray Abraham Michael York Kate Nelligan David Purdham. No description available
Merrick The Vampire Chronicles 7 by Anne Rice. No description available
La reina de los condenados Cr nicas Vamp ricas 3 by Anne Rice. No description available
The Vampire Companion by Katherine Ramsland Anne Rice. No description available
The Feast of All Saints by Anne Rice. No description available
Exit to Eden by Anne Rampling Anne Rice. No description available
Anne Rice's The Vampire Lestat A Graphic Novel by Faye Perozich Anne Rice John Bolton Daerick Gr ss. No description available
Entrevista con el vampiro Cr nicas vamp ricas 1 by Anne Rice Marcelo Covi n. No description available
"The Vampire Lestat The Vampire Chronicles 2 by Anne Rice. 1 New York Times Bestselling author Surrender to fiction's greatest creature of the night Book II of the Vampire Chronicles The vampire hero of Anne Rice s enthralling novel is a creature of the darkest and richest imagination. Once an aristocrat in the heady days of pre revolutionary France, now a rock star in the demonic, shimmering 1980s, he rushes through the centuries in search of others like him, seeking answers to the mystery of his eternal, terrifying exsitence. His is a mesmerizing story passionate, complex, and thrilling. Praise for The Vampire Lestat Frightening, sensual . . . Anne Rice will live on through the ages of literature. . . . To read her is to become giddy as if spinning through the mind of time, to become lightheaded as if our blood is slowly being drained away. San Francisco Chronicle Fiercely ambitious, nothing less than a complete unnatural history of vampires. The Village Voice Brilliant . . . its undead characters are utterly alive. The New York Times Book Review Luxuriantly created and richly told. The Cleveland Plain Dealer"
El Mes as El ni o jud o by Anne Rice Luis Murillo. No description available
Anne Rice Value Collection Mayfair Witches Lives of the Mayfair Witches 1 3 by Anne Rice Joe Morton Tim Curry Lindsay Crouse. No description available
Merrick Cr nicas Vamp ricas 7 by Anne Rice. No description available
Vittorio the Vampire New Tales of the Vampires 2 by Anne Rice. No description available
The Feast Of All Saints by Anne Rice. No description available
The Unauthorized Anne Rice Companion by George Beahm. No description available
When Christ and His Saints Slept Henry II and Eleanor of Aquitaine 1 by Sharon Kay Penman. No description available
The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari A Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams and Reaching Your Destiny by Robin S. Sharma. No description available
The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari A Fable about Fulfilling Your Dreams and Reaching Your Destiny Revised by Robin S. Sharma. No description available
Phantom Sword of Truth 10 by Terry Goodkind. No description available
The Sword of Truth Boxed Set I Wizard's First Rule Blood of the Fold Stone of Tears Sword of Truth 1 3 by Terry Goodkind. No description available
"Wizard's First Rule Sword of Truth 1 by Terry Goodkind. An unearthly adversary descends on an idyllic fantasy world, corrupting magic against good and slaughtering innocents, and only a single man can stop him."
Naked Empire Sword of Truth 8 by Terry Goodkind. A dark fantasy world of fallen heroes and risen villains and creatures of terrible capacities and implacable appetites.
Legends 2 Legends 1 Volume 2of3 by Robert Silverberg Terry Goodkind George R.R. Martin Anne McCaffrey. No description available
The Wood Boy The Burning Man by Raymond E. Feist Tad Williams Mat Broome Robin Gillespie Sean J. Jordan Brett Booth. No description available
"The King's Buccaneer Krondor's Sons 2 by Raymond E. Feist. Long recovered from the ravages of the Riftwar, the land and people of the kingdom of the Isles thrive. Nicholas, the youngest son of Prince Arutha, is intelligent and gifted but vastly inexperienced. In hopes of hardening him, his father sends him and his irreverent squire, Harry, to live at Rustic Castle Crydee to learn of life beyond the halls of privilege. But within weeks of Nicholas and Harry's arrival, Crydee is viciously attacked by unknown assailants, resulting in murder, massive destruction, and the abduction of two young noblewomen. The raiders have come from a pirate haven and are no ordinary foe ... but an enemy connected to dark magical forces that threaten the lands Nicholas will someday rule if he survives."
Magician Apprentice Volume 1 Raymond E. Feist's Magician Apprentice 1 by Raymond E. Feist Michael Avon Oeming Bryan J.L. Glass Ryan Stegman. No description available
Magician The Riftwar Saga 1 2 by Raymond E. Feist. No description available
Faerie Tale by Raymond E. Feist. No description available
"Promise Me Myron Bolitar 8 by Harlan Coben. The bestselling author and creator of the hit Netflix drama The Stranger reveals the deadly consequences that can be born of the best intentions in this Myron Bolitar thriller. As the school year winds down, Myron Bolitar is determined to help keep his friends children safe from the dangers of drinking and driving. So he makes two neighborhood girls promise him that if they are ever in a bind but are afraid to call their parents, they must call him. Several nights later, the call comes at two a.m. The next day, a girl is missing and Myron is the last person who saw her. Racing to find her before she s gone forever, Myron must outrun his own troubled past and decide once and for all who he is and what he will stand up for..."
The Final Detail Myron Bolitar 6 by Harlan Coben. No description available
The Innocent by Harlan Coben. No description available
No Second Chance by Harlan Coben. No description available
Darkest Fear Myron Bolitar 7 by Harlan Coben. No description available
Gone for Good by Harlan Coben. No description available
Drop Shot Myron Bolitar 2 by Harlan Coben Martine Leconte. No description available
Tell No One by Harlan Coben. No description available
The Aeneid A New Prose Translation by Virgil David West. No description available
The Complete Odes and Epodes by Horace David West. No description available
Object Thinking by David West. No description available
Left Foot Forward A Year in the Life of a Journeyman Footballer by Garry Nelson. No description available
Apologia Pro Vita Sua A Defense of One's Life by John Henry Newman. No description available
Margherita Dolce Vita by Stefano Benni Antony Shugaar. No description available
Living La Dolce Vita Bring the Passion Laughter and Serenity of Italy Into Your Daily Life by Raeleen D'Agostino Mautner. No description available
The Letters of Vita Sackville West and Virginia Woolf by Louise DeSalvo Mitchell Alexander Leaska Vita Sackville West Virginia Woolf. No description available
Vita by Melania G. Mazzucco Virginia Jewiss. No description available
The Church in Emerging Culture Five Perspectives by Leonard Sweet Brian D. McLaren Erwin Raphael McManus Michael S. Horton Frederica Matthewes Green Andy Crouch. No description available
A History of the World in 10 Chapters by Julian Barnes. No description available
Life Is a Caravanserai by Emine Sevgi zdamar Luise von Flotow. No description available
True Evil by Greg Iles. No description available
The Quiet Game Penn Cage 1 by Greg Iles. No description available
Trapped Mississippi 2 by Greg Iles. No description available
The Footprints of God by Greg Iles. No description available
Dead Sleep by Greg Iles. No description available
Small Island by Andrea Levy. No description available
Never Far From Nowhere by Andrea Levy. No description available
Shield of Thunder Troy 2 by David Gemmell eljko Petrovi. No description available
Shield of Thunder Troy 2 by David Gemmell. No description available
Historia de una Gaviota y del Gato Que le Ense a Volar by Luis Sep lveda Chris Sheban. No description available
Full Circle A South American Journey by Luis Sep lveda Chris Andrews. No description available
Looking East by Steve McCurry. No description available
Masters of Small Worlds Yeoman Households Gender Relations and the Political Culture of the Antebellum South Carolina Low Country by Stephanie McCurry. No description available
Borges and The Eternal Orangutans by Luis Fernando Verissimo Margaret Jull Costa. No description available
A Universal History of Iniquity by Jorge Luis Borges Andrew Hurley. No description available
Jorge Luis Borges by Nextext McDougal Publishing Staff. No description available
Odes to Common Things by Pablo Neruda Ferris Cook Ken Krabbenhoft. No description available
Full Woman Fleshly Apple Hot Moon Selected Poems by Pablo Neruda Stephen Mitchell. No description available
Maps for Lost Lovers by Nadeem Aslam. No description available
Phantom Pain by Arnon Grunberg Sam Garrett. No description available
The Ethics and Politics of Asylum Liberal Democracy and the Response to Refugees by Matthew J. Gibney. No description available
Arkham Asylum Living Hell by Dan Slott Ryan Sook Wade Von Grawbadger Jim Royal. No description available
Blackout Kat Bronsky 2 by John J. Nance. No description available
Design Like You Give a Damn Architectural Responses to Humanitarian Crises by Architecture For Humanity Cameron Sinclair. No description available
The Winter's Tale by William Shakespeare Susan Snyder Deborah T. Curren Aquino. No description available
The Bar on the Seine by Georges Simenon David Watson. No description available
Maigret in Holland by Georges Simenon. No description available
The Man Who Watched Trains Go By by Georges Simenon Marc Romano D. Thin Luc Sante. No description available
Maigret and the Killer by Georges Simenon Lyn Moir. No description available
Lock 14 by Georges Simenon Robert Baldick. No description available
The Madman of Bergerac by Georges Simenon. No description available
Dirty Snow by Georges Simenon Marc Romano William T. Vollmann. No description available
The Man Who Wasn't Maigret A Portrait of Georges Simenon by Patrick Marnham. No description available
"Maigret New York Maigret 27 by Georges Simenon. A writer as comfortable with reality as with fiction, with passion as with reason. John Le Carr When the son of a wealthy businessman fears for his father s life, Maigret is plucked from retirement to visit New York on an unlikely quest Aged 56 and in his first year of retirement at Meung sur Loire, Maigret is surprised with a visit by Jean, the son of wealthy New York businessman John Maura. With the assistance of his aging lawyer, Jean convinces Maigret to accompany him to New York, where he believes his father is in danger. But things take an unexpected turn upon their arrival when it is Jean himself who disappears. Set against the mysterious backdrop of New York City, Maigret s investigation must unearth old crimes, outsmart treacherous characters, and overcome his status as an outsider policeman in the city."
The Engagement by Georges Simenon Anna Moschovakis John N. Gray. No description available
Mon Ami Maigret by Georges Simenon. No description available
Maigret and the Headless Corpse by Georges Simenon Eileen Ellenbogen. No description available
Maigret Loses His Temper Maigret 61 by Georges Simenon. No description available
The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor. No description available
Rash by Pete Hautman. No description available
Saints at the River by Ron Rash. No description available
The World Made Straight by Ron Rash. No description available
Eureka Mill by Ron Rash. No description available
Chemistry and Other Stories by Ron Rash. No description available
Monster by Walter Dean Myers. No description available
The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster by Bobby Henderson. No description available
The Monster at the End of this Book by Jon Stone Michael J. Smollin. No description available
Monster The Autobiography of an L.A. Gang Member by Sanyika Shakur. No description available
Monster Island Monster Island 1 by David Wellington. No description available
The Frog King by Frank McConnell. No description available
I Should Be Extremely Happy in Your Company A Novel of Lewis and Clark by Brian Hall. No description available
D.B. by Elwood Reid. No description available
Lincoln Narratives of a Golden Age by Gore Vidal. No description available
"The Silver Pigs Marcus Didius Falco 1 by Lindsey Davis. The Silver Pigs is Lindsey Davis' classic novel, which introduced readers around the world to Marcus Didius Falco, a private informer with a knack for trouble, a tendency for bad luck, and a frequently inconvenient drive for justice. When Marcus Didius Falco, a Roman informer who has a nose for trouble that's sharper than most, encounters Sosia Camillina in the Forum, he senses immediately all is not right with the pretty girl. She confesses to him that she is fleeing for her life, and Falco makes the rash decision to rescue her a decision he will come to regret. For Sosia bears a heavy burden as heavy as a pile of stolen Imperial ingots, in fact. Matters just get more complicated when Falco meets Helena Justina, a Senator's daughter who is connected to the very same traitors he has sworn to expose. Soon Falco finds himself swept from the perilous back alleys of Ancient Rome to the silver mines of distant Britain and up against a cabal of traitors with blood on their hands and no compunction whatsoever to do away with a snooping plebe like Falco...."
The Silver Pigs by Lindsey Davis Mary Cutler Anton Lesser Fritha Goodey. No description available
Judas Pig by Horace Silver. No description available
The Civil War Vol. 1 Fort Sumter to Perryville by Shelby Foote. No description available
The Beleaguered City The Vicksburg Campaign by Shelby Foote. No description available
Stars in Their Courses The Gettysburg Campaign June July 1863 by Shelby Foote. No description available
La telara a de Carlota by E.B. White Guillermo Solana Garth Williams. No description available
Toujours Provence by Peter Mayle. No description available
The American Heritage New History of the Civil War by Bruce Catton James M. McPherson. No description available
The Confident Child by Terri Apter. No description available
Your Child's Self Esteem Step by Step Guidelines for Raising Responsible Productive Happy Children by Dorothy Corkille Briggs. No description available
Smart Discipline Fast Lasting Solutions for Your Child's Self Esteem and Your Peace of Mind by Larry J. Koenig. No description available
Reading in the Dark by Seamus Deane. No description available
Alphabet Weekends by Elizabeth Noble. No description available
A Cargo of Women Susannah Watson and the Convicts of the Princess Royal by Babette Smith. No description available
The Rose and the Beast Fairy Tales Retold by Francesca Lia Block. No description available
I Was a Teenage Fairy by Francesca Lia Block. No description available
Firebirds Rising An Anthology of Original Science Fiction and Fantasy by Sharyn November Francesca Lia Block Diana Wynne Jones Ellen Klages Sharon Shinn Patricia A. McKillip Emma Bull Kelly Link Tamora Pierce Nina Kiriki Hoffman Alison Goodman Charles de Lint Kara Dalkey Alan Dean Foster Carol Emshwiller Tanith Lee Pamela Dean. No description available
Witch Baby Weetzie Bat 2 by Francesca Lia Block. No description available
Goat Girls Weetzie Bat 2 3 by Francesca Lia Block. Two magical realist coming of age Weetzie Bat stories from Francesca Lia Block Witch Baby and Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys.
Beautiful Boys Weetzie Bat 4 5 by Francesca Lia Block. No description available
Weetzie Bat Weetzie Bat 1 by Francesca Lia Block. No description available
Velvet Elvis Repainting the Christian Faith by Rob Bell. No description available
Man Walks Into a Room by Nicole Krauss. No description available
Testaments Betrayed An Essay in Nine Parts by Milan Kundera Linda Asher. No description available
Too Busy Not to Pray Slowing Down to Be With God by Bill Hybels Lavonne Neff. No description available
Becoming a Contagious Christian by Bill Hybels Mark Mittelberg. No description available
Courageous Faith Through the Year by Bill Hybels Keri Wyatt Kent. No description available
Becoming a Contagious Christian Leader's Guide Communicating Your Faith in a Style That Fits You by Mark Mittelberg Lee Strobel. No description available
A Is for Abductive The Language of the Emerging Church by Leonard Sweet Brian D. McLaren. No description available
The Church on the Other Side Doing Ministry in the Postmodern Matrix by Brian D. McLaren. No description available
Great Russian Short Stories by Paul Negri Alexander Pushkin Maxim Gorky Aleksandr Ivanovich Kuprin Leonid Andreyev Nikolai Gogol Ivan Turgenev Fyodor Dostoyevsky Leo Tolstoy Nicholay Leskov Vsevolod Garshin Anton Chekhov Theodor Sologub. No description available
The Portable Dorothy Parker by Dorothy Parker Marion Meade Seth. No description available
Not Much Fun The Lost Poems of Dorothy Parker by Dorothy Parker Stuart Y. Silverstein. No description available
The Collected Dorothy Parker by Dorothy Parker Brendan Gill. No description available
"The Killer Angels A Novel of the Civil War The Civil War Trilogy 2 by Michael Shaara. PULITZER PRIZE WINNER NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER The remarkable Ken Burns , utterly absorbing Forbes Civil War classic that inspired the film Gettysburg, with more than three million copies in print now in a 50th anniversary edition featuring a new introduction by Jeff Shaara My favorite historical novel . . . a superb re creation of the Battle of Gettysburg, but its real importance is its insight into what the war was about, and what it meant. James M. McPherson In the four most bloody and courageous days of our nation s history, two armies fought for two conflicting dreams. One dreamed of freedom, the other of a way of life. Far more than rifles and bullets were carried into battle. There were memories. There were promises. There was love. And far more than men fell on those Pennsylvania fields. Bright futures, untested innocence, and pristine beauty were also the casualties of war. Michael Shaara s Pulitzer Prize winning masterpiece is unique, sweeping, unforgettable the dramatic story of the battleground for America s destiny."
The Killer Angels by Michael Shaara Stephen Hoye. No description available
The Killer Angels The Civil War Trilogy 2 by Michael Shaara. No description available
Architecture and Tourism Perception Performance and Place by D. Medina Lasansky. No description available
The Last Eyewitness The Final Week by Chris Seay Rob Pepper Brian D. McLaren. No description available
The Best American Essays 2006 by Lauren Slater Robert Atwan. No description available
The Best American Spiritual Writing 2006 by Philip Zaleski Peter J. Gomes. No description available
The Best American Travel Writing 2006 by Tim Cahill. No description available
The Best American Crime Writing 2006 by Mark Bowden Otto Penzler Thomas H. Cook S.C. Gwynne Paige Williams Mary Battiata Howard Blum John Connolly Richard Rubin Chuck Hustmyre David Friedman Denise Grollmus Deanne Stillman Jeffrey Toobin Skip Hollandsworth Jimmy Breslin John Heilemann Mark Jacobson Robert Nelson. No description available
How Democratic Is the American Constitution? by Robert A. Dahl. No description available
The Roald Dahl Omnibus Perfect Bedtime Stories for Sleepless Nights by Roald Dahl. No description available
A Preface to Democratic Theory by Robert A. Dahl. No description available
Matilda by Roald Dahl Joely Richardson. No description available
Kiss Kiss by Roald Dahl. No description available
Roald Dahl A Biography by Jeremy Treglown. No description available
Matilda by Roald Dahl Rula Lenska Sian Thomas Christopher Timothy. No description available
The Adventures of Charlie and Mr. Willy Wonka A Fully Dramatized Recording by Roald Dahl. No description available
Fantastic Mr Fox and Other Animal Stories by Roald Dahl. No description available
Hood by Emma Donoghue. No description available
Landing by Emma Donoghue. No description available
Touchy Subjects by Emma Donoghue. No description available
Kissing the Witch Old Tales in New Skins by Emma Donoghue. No description available
Life Mask by Emma Donoghue. No description available
Stir Fry by Emma Donoghue. No description available
Poems Between Women Four Centuries of Love Romantic Friendship and Desire by Emma Donoghue. No description available
What Sappho Would Have Said by Emma Donoghue. No description available
Mammoth Book Of Lesbian Short Stories Mammoth Books by Emma Donoghue. No description available
Slammerkin by Emma Donoghue. No description available
We Are Michael Field by Emma Donoghue Nick Drake. No description available
Life is Elsewhere by Milan Kundera Aaron Asher. No description available
Todo est iluminado by Jonathan Safran Foer. No description available
Firefighters in the Dark by Dashka Slater Nicoletta Ceccoli. No description available
Wide Sargasso Sea by Jean Rhys. No description available
Marcel Proust On Art and Literature 1896 1919 by Marcel Proust Sylvia Townsend Warner. No description available
Remembrance of Things Past Boxed Set by Marcel Proust C.K. Scott Moncrieff Frederick A. Blossom Joseph Wood Crutch. No description available
The Complete Green Letters by Miles J. Stanford. No description available
Naked by David Sedaris Amy Sedaris. No description available
The Last Shot City Streets Basketball Dreams by Darcy Frey. No description available
The Inner Sanctum by Stephen W. Frey. No description available
Life on Planet Rock From Guns N' Roses to NIRVana a Backstage Journey Through Rock's Most Debauched Decade by Lonn M. Friend. No description available
Principle Centered Leadership by Stephen R. Covey. No description available
7 h bitos de las familias altamente efectivas by Stephen R. Covey. No description available
Fablehaven Fablehaven 1 by Brandon Mull. No description available
Queen of Sorcery The Belgariad 2 by David Eddings. The master Sorcerer Belgarath and his daughter are on the trail of the stolen Orb.
Castle of Wizardry The Belgariad 4 by David Eddings. Garion regains the Orb and struggles to escape from the brutal Murgo soldiers and the deadly magic spells of Grolim Hierachs
The Leadership Challenge Skills for Taking Charge by Warren G. Bennis. No description available
"Fullmetal Alchemist Vol. 6 Fullmetal Alchemist 6 by Hiromu Arakawa Akira Watanabe. In an alchemical ritual gone wrong, Edward Elric lost his arm and his leg, and his brother Alphonse became nothing but a soul in a suit of armor. Equipped with mechanical auto mail limbs, Edward becomes a state alchemist, seeking the one thing that can restore his brother and himself...the legendary Philosopher's Stone. The origin of the Elric Brothers! Once, Edward and Alphonse Elric were willing to do anything to become alchemists. But when they tried to use their newfound skills to resurrect their dead mother, they broke a taboo and encountered something more terrifying than death itself. Now, hardened by years of military training, Edward and Alphonse have returned to the woman who first taught them alchemy...but can she help them, or even forgive them?"
The Elements of Typographic Style by Robert Bringhurst. No description available
The Elements of Visual Style The Basics of Print Design for Every PC and Mac User by Robert W. Harris. No description available
Graphic Design Solutions by Robin Landa. No description available
The Mask of the Enchantress by Victoria Holt. No description available
Secret for a Nightingale by Victoria Holt. No description available
The Silk Vendetta by Victoria Holt. No description available
Curse Of The Kings by Victoria Holt. No description available
"Purple Cane Road Dave Robicheaux 11 by James Lee Burke. When Detective Dave Robicheaux discovers disturbing secrets from his mother's past, he embarks on a journey through a murky world of vice, politics and murder. Robicheaux has been told that his mother, Mae, was a hooker and ended her life drowned in a mud puddle by two cops working for the Mob. As Robicheux and his partner hunt for the killers, they hook up with a door to door salesman turned state governor, a psychotic hit man, and the owner of the mansion at Purple Cane Road who knows rather too much about Robicheux's wife . . ."
Parliament of Whores A Lone Humorist Attempts to Explain the Entire U.S. Government by P.J. O'Rourke. No description available
Monkeewrench Monkeewrench 1 by P.J. Tracy. No description available
P. J. Funnybunny Camps Out by Marilyn Sadler Roger Bollen. No description available
Lo nico que no podr s hacer en el cielo by Mark Cahill. No description available
The Moon And Sixpence by W. Somerset Maugham. No description available
De profundis by Oscar Wilde. No description available
"Un amour de swann la recherche du temps perdu 1.2 by Marcel Proust. L'oeuvre romanesque de Marcel Proust est une r flexion majeure sur le temps et la m moire affective comme sur les fonctions de l'art qui doit proposer ses propres mondes, mais c'est aussi une r flexion sur l'amour et la jalousie, avec un sentiment de l' chec et du vide de l'existence qui colore en gris la vision proustienne o l'homosexualit tient une place importante. La Recherche constitue galement une vaste com die humaine de plus de deux cents personnages. Proust recr e des lieux r v lateurs, qu'il s'agisse des lieux de l'enfance dans la maison de Tante L onie Combray ou des salons parisiens qui opposent les milieux aristocratiques et bourgeois, ces mondes tant voqu s d'une plume parfois acide par un narrateur la fois captiv et ironique. Ce th tre social est anim par des personnages tr s divers dont Proust ne dissimule pas les traits comiques ces figures sont souvent inspir es par des personnes r elles, ce qui fait d' la recherche du temps perdu en partie un roman clef et le tableau d'une poque. La marque de Proust est aussi dans son style aux phrases souvent tr s longues, qui suivent la spirale de la cr ation en train de se faire, cherchant atteindre une totalit de la r alit qui chappe toujours."
Serious Girls by Maxine Swann. No description available
Deadly Love Francesca Cahill Deadly 1 by Brenda Joyce. No description available
Exiled in Paris Richard Wright James Baldwin Samuel Beckett and Others on the Left Bank by James Campbell. No description available
The Price of the Ticket Collected Nonfiction 1948 1985 by James Baldwin. No description available
2006 International Building Code by International Code Council ICC. No description available
Einstein's Monsters by Martin Amis Erroll McDonald. No description available
Code Check Electrical An Illustrated Guide to Wiring a Safe House by Michael Casey Redwood Kardon Douglas Hansen. No description available
International Building Code 2003 by International Code Council ICC. No description available
The Major Works by Alexander Pope Pat Rogers. No description available
Poetry and Prose of Alexander Pope Riverside Editions by Alexander Pope Aubrey Williams. No description available
Illustrated Guide to the NEC Based on the 2005 National Electric Code by Charles R. Miller. No description available
Surfer's Code Twelve Simple Lessons For Riding Through Life by Shaun Tomson Patrick Moser. No description available
Code Orange by Caroline B. Cooney. No description available
Code by Charles Petzold. No description available
Brando Unzipped A Revisionist and Very Private Look at America's Greatest Actor by Darwin Porter. No description available
The Kid Stays in the Picture by Robert Evans. No description available
Measle and the Dragodon by Ian Ogilvy. No description available
The Unpublished David Ogilvy by David Ogilvy Joel Raphaelson. No description available
The Alchemist s Kitchen Extraordinary Potions Curious Notions by Guy Ogilvy. No description available
Writing Down the Bones Freeing the Writer Within by Natalie Goldberg. No description available
Black Hawk Down A Story of Modern War by Mark Bowden. No description available
Writing Secure Code by Michael Howard David LeBlanc. No description available
Working Effectively with Legacy Code by Michael C. Feathers. No description available
Explode the Code 1 by Nancy Hall. No description available
Down the Long Hills by Louis L'Amour. No description available
"The Glass Books of the Dream Eaters Miss Temple Doctor Svenson and Cardinal Chang 1 by Gordon Dahlquist. Blending science fiction and dark fantasy, this monumental Victorian thriller is a dazzling feast for the senses an action packed roller coaster ride of suspense, betrayal, and richly fevered dreams. It starts with a simple note. Roger Bascombe regretfully wishes to inform Celeste Temple that their engagement is forthwith terminated. Determined to find out why, Miss Temple takes the first step in a journey that will propel her into a dizzyingly seductive, utterly shocking world beyond her imagining. Nothing could have prepared Miss Temple for the things she would find behind the closed doors of forbidding Harschmort Manor men and women in provocative disguise, acts of licentiousness and violence, heroism and awakening. But she will also find two allies Cardinal Chang, a brutal assassin with the heart of a poet, and a royal doctor named Svenson, at once fumbling and heroic both of whom, like her, lost someone at Harschmort Manor. As the unlikely trio search for answers, hurtling them from elegant brothels to gaslit alleyways to shocking moments of self discovery, they are confronted by puzzles within puzzles. And the closer they get to the truth, the more their lives are in danger. For the conspiracy they face an astonishing alchemy of science, perverted religion, and lust for power is so terrifying as to be beyond belief. Praise for The Glass Books of the Dream Eaters The most original thing I ve read in years deftly executed, relentlessly inventive, and with a trio of the most unusual and engaging heroes who ever took on a sinister cabal out to rule the world by means of sex and dreams. Diana Gabaldon A tale that combines swashbuckling adventure, a big dose of science fiction and burgeoning romance. USA Today Rich . . . studded with treats . . . beautifully written. Entertainment Weekly Sweeping, highly original and absorbing . . . defies categorization. The Dallas Morning News"
Breaking the Maya Code by Michael D. Coe. No description available
Refactoring Improving the Design of Existing Code by Martin Fowler Kent Beck Don Roberts Erich Gamma. No description available
The Heart's Code Tapping the Wisdom and Power of Our Heart Energy by Paul Pearsall Gary E. Schwartz Linda G. Russek. No description available
Write Great Code Volume 1 Understanding the Machine by Randall Hyde. No description available
Code of the Samurai A Modern Translation of the Bushido Shoshinshu of Taira Shigesuke by Daid ji Y zan Oscar Ratti Thomas Cleary. No description available
Code And Other Laws of Cyberspace by Lawrence Lessig. No description available
Landscape Within Insights and Inspirations for Photographers by David Ward Joe Cornish. No description available
Bob Marley Songs of Freedom by Bob Marley. No description available
Such a Good Girl and Other Crime Stories by Ed Gorman Richard Laymon. No description available
Howards End by E.M. Forster Nadia May. No description available
Three Complete Novels Howards End A Room with a View Where Angels Fear to Tread by E.M. Forster Neil Felshman. No description available
Kim by Rudyard Kipling. No description available
Kim by Rudyard Kipling Pankaj Mishra. No description available
The Island at the Center of the World The Epic Story of Dutch Manhattan and the Forgotten Colony That Shaped America by Russell Shorto. No description available
The Bard's Tale Prima's Official Strategy Guide by Craig Keller. No description available
The Free Bards Bardic Voices 1 3 by Mercedes Lackey. The Bardic voices trilogy in one volume.
Insurgency and Terrorism From Revolution to Apocalypse by Bard E. O'Neill. No description available
"Shakespeare's Landlord Lily Bard 1 by Charlaine Harris. A new series set in Shakespeare, Arkansas, featuring a heroine who runs a cleaning business. One night in a garbage bag she discovers the body of her landlord, which makes her a suspect. Now she must clear her name. A study in smalltown inhabitants."
Liturgies of the Western Church by Bard Thompson. No description available
"Bedlam's Bard Bedlam Bard 1 2 by Mercedes Lackey Ellen Guon. A compilation of urban fantasy tales by some of the genre's leading practitioners features works by Roberta Gellis, Dave Freer and Eric Flint, Diana Paxson, Mercedes Lackey, and Rosemary Edghill."
Mansfield Park by Jane Austen James Kinsley Jane Stabler. No description available
Walking the Rez Road by Jim Northrup. No description available
Mansfield Park by Jane Austen Carol Shields. No description available
Mansfield Park by Jane Austen. No description available
The Mini Zen Gardening Kit by Daniel Abdal Hayy Moore. No description available
The Zen Gardening Kit Book and Japanese Rock Garden by Daniel Abdal Hayy Moore. No description available
Stalky Co. by Rudyard Kipling. No description available
The Mill on the Floss by George Eliot Carol T. Christ. No description available
Zen in Your Garden by Jenny Hendy. No description available
Agnes Grey by Anne Bront Fred Schwarzbach. No description available
The Mad Ship Liveship Traders 2 by Robin Hobb. No description available
Ship of Destiny Liveship Traders 3 by Robin Hobb. No description available
"Forest Mage Soldier Son 2 by Robin Hobb. Plague has ravaged the prestigious King's Cavalla of Gernia, decimating the ranks of both cadets and instructors. Yet Nevare Burvelle has made an astonishingly robust recovery, defeating his sworn nemesis while in the throes of the disease and freeing himself he believes from the Speck magic that infected him. And now he is journeying home to Widevale, anticipating a tender reunion with his beautiful fianc e, Carsina, and a bright future as a commissioned officer. But there is no haven in the bosom of his kinfolk, for his nights are haunted by grim visions of treachery and his days are tormented by a strange side effect of the plague that shames his family and repulses the lady of his heart. And as the still potent magic in his blood roars to life, Nevare realizes a terrible truth that the enemy who seeks to destroy everything he loves dwells perhaps not without but within him."
Assassin's Quest Farseer Trilogy 3 by Robin Hobb. No description available
Der lohfarbene Mann Die zweiten Chroniken von Fitz dem Weitseher 1 by Robin Hobb. No description available
Disordered Minds by Minette Walters. No description available
The Scold's Bridle by Minette Walters. No description available
Fox Evil by Minette Walters. No description available
The Devil's Feather by Minette Walters. No description available
The Breaker by Minette Walters. No description available
The Echo by Minette Walters. No description available
D is for Dahl A gloriumptious A Z guide to the world of Roald Dahl by Wendy Cooling Quentin Blake Roald Dahl. No description available
The Roald Dahl Audio Collection by Roald Dahl. No description available
"Step on a Crack Michael Bennett 1 by James Patterson Michael Ledwidge. As he faces a devastating personal loss, Detective Michael Bennett is about to take on the most sinister challenge of his career a kidnapping crisis that could destroy the most powerful people in America. The nation has fallen into mourning after the unexpected death of a beloved former First Lady, and the most powerful people in the world gather in New York for her funeral. Then the inconceivable occurs Billionaires, politicians, and superstars of every kind are suddenly trapped within one man's brilliant and ruthless scenario. Bennett, father of ten, is pulled into the fray. As the danger escalates, Michael is hit with devastating news After fighting for many years, his wife has succumbed to a terrible disease. As New York descends into chaos, Bennett has lost the great love of his life and faces raising his ten devastated children alone and rescuing 34 hostages. Day after day, Bennett confronts the most ruthless man he has ever dealt with, a man who kills without hesitation and counters everything the NYPD and FBI throw at him with impunity. As the entire world watches and the tension boils to a searing heat, Bennett has to find a way out or face responsibility for the greatest debacle in history."
The Railway Children by E. Nesbit. No description available
Five Children and It Five Children 1 by E. Nesbit. No description available
Five Children and It by E. Nesbit Gillian Avery. No description available
The Enchanted Castle by E. Nesbit H.R. Millar. No description available
Treasure Island 2 Off to Sea Easy Reader Classics by Catherine Nichols Sally Wern Comport Robert Louis Stevenson. No description available
A Passage to India A Reader's Guide to Essential Criticism by Betty Jay. No description available
A Passage to India by E.M. Forster Oliver Stallybrass Pankaj Mishra. No description available
A Passage to India by E.M. Forster. No description available
No Name by Wilkie Collins Virginia Blain. No description available
Miss or Mrs? The Haunted Hotel The Guilty River by Wilkie Collins Norman Page Toru Sasaki. No description available
The Law and the Lady by Wilkie Collins David Skilton. No description available
The Woman In White by Wilkie Collins. No description available
Armadale by Wilkie Collins Catharine Peters. No description available
I Never Promised You a Rose Garden by Hannah Green Joanne Greenberg. No description available
The Gun Seller by Hugh Laurie. No description available
A Quantum Murder Greg Mandel 2 by Peter F. Hamilton. No description available
Judas Unchained Commonwealth Saga 2 by Peter F. Hamilton. No description available
Pandora's Star by Peter F. Hamilton. No description available
Mindstar Rising Greg Mandel 1 by Peter F. Hamilton. No description available
The Reality Dysfunction Part 2 Expansion Night's Dawn 1 by Peter F. Hamilton. No description available
Anthony Thwaite In Conversation With Peter Dale and Ian Hamilton by Peter Dale Ian Hamilton Anthony Thwaite. No description available
Doisneau by Peter Hamilton Robert Doisneau David Elliott. No description available
Criptonomic n II El c digo Pontifex by Neal Stephenson Pedro Jorge Romero. No description available
The Portable Walt Whitman by Walt Whitman Michael Warner. No description available
Walt Whitman's America by David S. Reynolds. No description available
Walt Whitman A Life by Justin Kaplan. No description available
Walt Whitman Words for America by Barbara Kerley Brian Selznick. No description available
Love Hate and Everything in Between Expressing Emotions in Japanese by Mamiko Murakami Ernest Reiss. No description available
Blind Willow Sleeping Woman by Haruki Murakami Jay Rubin Philip Gabriel. No description available
Hard Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World by Haruki Murakami Alfred Birnbaum. No description available
The Wind Up Bird Chronicle by Haruki Murakami Jay Rubin. No description available
After the Quake by Haruki Murakami Jay Rubin. No description available
Joseph Cornell Secrets in a Box Adventures in Art by Alison Baverstock Joseph Cornell Christopher Wynne. No description available
Mandala Luminous Symbols for Healing with a New CD of Meditations and Exercises! by Judith Cornell Joan Borysenko Miron Borysenko. No description available
Dime Store Alchemy The Art of Joseph Cornell by Charles Simic. No description available
Night Has a Thousand Eyes by Cornell Woolrich. No description available
Rendezvous in Black by Cornell Woolrich Richard Dooling. No description available
The Nixie's Song Beyond the Spiderwick Chronicles 1 by Tony DiTerlizzi Holly Black. No description available
When the Darkness Will Not Lift Doing What We Can While We Wait for God And Joy by John Piper. No description available
Desiring God Meditations of a Christian Hedonist by John Piper. No description available
Suffering and the Sovereignty of God by John Piper Justin Taylor Mark Talbot David A. Powlison Steve Saint Dustin Shramek Carl Ellis. No description available
When I Don't Desire God How to Fight for Joy by John Piper. No description available
The Legacy of Sovereign Joy God's Triumphant Grace in the Lives of Augustine Luther and Calvin The Swans Are Not Silent 1 by John Piper. No description available
"The Hidden Smile of God The Fruit of Affliction in the Lives of John Bunyan William Cowper and David Brainerd The Swans Are Not Silent 2 by John Piper. John Piper escorts you through the difficult lives of John Bunyan, William Cowper, and David Brainerd to discover how God takes the privilege of faith and strengthens it with trials so that you experience a greater hunger for him. Part of the Swans Are Not Silent series."
The Passion of Jesus Christ by John Piper. No description available
Arthur George by Julian Barnes. No description available
Wartime Lies by Louis Begley. No description available
"Schmidt Delivered Schmidt 2 by Louis Begley. Recently widowed, Albert Schmidt has triumphantly rediscovered domestic bliss in the Hamptons with Carrie, the Puerto Rican waitress who is younger than his daughter. Schmidt is content with keeping his own hours and steering his own course, even as he becomes entertained and increasingly ensnared by the odd billionaire Michael Mansour. Among Schmidt's other heartbreaks and delights is the scandal engulfing his detested son in law. Where will it all lead? Is Mansour a true friend or just a big cat playing with a WASP mouse? Can May and December remain on the same calendar as the sun sets? Through it all, one thing is clear Schmidt has found a new life far beyond the deck chair. With the elegance and mordant wit readers have come to expect of him, Louis Begley has created a magnificent story of how virtue may be rewarded. BONUS This edition includes an excerpt from Louis Begley's Memories of a Marriage."
The Brave Women of the Gulf Wars Operation Desert Storm and Operation Iraqi Freedom by Karen Zeinert Mary Miller. No description available
The Classic Ten The True Story of the Little Black Dress and Nine Other Fashion Favorites by Nancy MacDonell Smith Nancy MacDonell. No description available
The Home Front by Brian Braithwaite Noelle Walsh Glyn Davies. No description available
Half Moon Investigations by Eoin Colfer. No description available
The Supernaturalist by Eoin Colfer. No description available
The Wish List by Eoin Colfer. No description available
Legend of the Worst Boy in the World by Eoin Colfer Glenn McCoy. No description available
The Legend of Spud Murphy by Eoin Colfer Glenn McCoy. No description available
La venganza de Opal Artemis Fowl 4 by Eoin Colfer Ana Alcaina. No description available
Going Potty by Eoin Colfer. No description available
Artemis Fowl Artemis Fowl 1 by Eoin Colfer Claudia Feldmann. No description available
La ltima oportunidad by Eoin Colfer. No description available
Artemis Fowl Artemis Fowl 1 by Eoin Colfer Ana Alcaina. No description available
La venganza de opal Artemis Fowl 4 by Eoin Colfer. No description available
"Encuentro en el rtico Artemis Fowl 2 by Eoin Colfer Ana Alcaina P rez. En esta segunda parte descubrimos que Artemis ten a raz n su padre est vivo... Alguien ha podido olvidar a Artemis aquel ni o que puso en jaque la estabilidad de las especies chantajeando a las criaturas m gicas? En esta segunda parte descubrimos que Artemis ten a raz n su padre est vivo, secuestrado en alg n lugar del Artico. Por otro lado, el mundo subterr neo, con el comandante Remo y la capitana Canija a la cabeza, no est viviendo lo que se dice su mejor momento. El comandante Remo necesita saber qui n es el humano que trafica con ellosy Fowl necesita ayuda para rescatar a su padre Ser n capaces de entenderse?"
Artemis Fowl Artemis Fowl 1 by Eoin Colfer Nathaniel Parker. No description available
Treasury of American Tall Tales Volume 1 Davy Crockett Rip Van Winkle Johnny Appleseed Paul Bunyan Rabbit Ears by David Bromberg Jay Ungar Molly Mason Garrison Keillor Mark O'Connor Jonathan Winters Duck Baker Washington Irving Anjelica Huston Nicolas Cage Leo Kottke. No description available
The Subtle Knife His Dark Materials 2 by Philip Pullman Ian Beck. No description available
The Amber Spyglass His Dark Materials 3 by Philip Pullman Ian Beck. No description available
"His Dark Materials His Dark Materials 1 3 by Philip Pullman. The only hardcover omnibus of the best selling and award winning fantasy trilogy. Philip Pullman's trilogy is a masterpiece that transcends genre and appeals to readers of all ages. His heroine, Lyra, is an orphan living in a parallel universe in which science, theology, and magic are entwined. The epic story that takes us through the three novels is not only a spellbinding adventure featuring armored polar bears, magical devices, witches, and daemons, it is also an audacious and profound reimagining of Milton's Paradise Lost that has already inspired a number of serious books of literary criticism. Like J. R. R. Tolkien and C. S. Lewis before him, Pullman has invented a richly detailed and marvelously imagined world, complex and thought provoking enough to enthrall adults as well as younger readers. An utterly entrancing blend of metaphysical speculation and bravura storytelling, His Dark Materials is a monumental and enduring achievement. Don't miss Philip Pullman's epic new trilogy set in the world of His Dark Materials! THE BOOK OF DUST La Belle Sauvage The Secret Commonwealth Everyman's Library pursues the highest production standards, printing on acid free cream colored paper, with full cloth cases with two color foil stamping, decorative endpapers, silk ribbon markers, European style half round spines, and a full color illustrated jacket. Contemporary Classics include an introduction, a select bibliography, and a chronology of the author's life and times."
El catalejo lacado La Materia Oscura 3 by Philip Pullman. No description available
His Dark Materials Omnibus His Dark Materials by Philip Pullman. No description available
Northern Lights His Dark Materials 1 by Philip Pullman. No description available
El alquimista una f bula para seguir tus sue os by Paulo Coelho Juan God Costa. No description available
La conspiraci n de los alquimistas by Hania Czajkowski. No description available
El Alquimista Edicion Illustrada Edicion Illustrada by Paulo Coelho. No description available
The Call of the Mall How we shop by Paco Underhill. No description available
Die Broke A Radical Four Part Financial Plan by Stephen M. Pollan Mark LeVine. No description available
Live Rich Die Broke by Stephen M. Pollan. No description available
The Die Broke Financial Problem Solver by Stephen M. Pollan Mark LeVine. No description available
Montaillou The Promised Land of Error by Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie Barbara Bray. No description available
Montaillou Cathars and Catholics in a French Village 1294 1324 by Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie Barbara Bray. No description available
Montaillou village occitan de 1294 1324 by Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie. No description available
Montaillou Cathars and Catholics in a French Village 1294 1324 by Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie Barbara Bray. No description available
Undaunted Courage The Pioneering First Mission to Explore America's Wild Frontier by Stephen E. Ambrose. No description available
Undaunted Courage by Stephen E. Ambrose Barrett Whitener. No description available
Co. Aytch A Confederate Memoir of the Civil War by Sam R. Watkins. No description available
Jonny Reb Billy Yank by Alexander Hunter. No description available
El Superzorro by Roald Dahl Horacio Elena. No description available
Fantastic Mr Fox by David Wood Roald Dahl. No description available
Fantastic Mr. Fox Cover to Cover by Roald Dahl. No description available
Ajax in Action by Dave Crane Eric Pascarello Darren James. No description available
Historia del rey transparente by Rosa Montero. No description available
Bella y oscura by Rosa Montero. No description available
La t a Julia y el escribidor by Mario Vargas Llosa. No description available
La T a Julia y el Escribidor by Mario Vargas Llosa. No description available
Narraciones Extraordinarias by Edgar Allan Poe. No description available
Las Cr nicas de Narnia by C.S. Lewis Margarita E. Valdes Gemma Gallart Pauline Baynes. No description available
O Trono de Prata As Cr nicas de N rnia 6 by C.S. Lewis Ana Falc o Bastos. No description available
"A ltima Batalha As Cr nicas de N rnia 7 by C.S. Lewis Pauline Baynes Ana Falc o Bastos. Grande sucesso de C. S. Lewis, esta a edi o de luxo definitiva de um dos maiores cl ssicos da literatura infantojuvenil. Reinos m gicos, criaturas inesquec veis e batalhas picas entre o bem o mal essas hist rias s o narradas em As Cr nicas de N rnia uma s rie de sete livros que acompanha crian as curiosas e suas aventuras entre o nosso mundo e outros universos m gicos. Em A ltima Batalha, um falso Aslan est solta dando ordens de arrepiar a espinha. Tirian X, o Rei de N rnia, precisa agir r pido, antes que todos os animais sejam corrompidos. Para isso, conta com a ajuda de Eust quio e Giu. O reino est imerso em caos e os danos parecem irrepar veis, mas, antes que tudo chegue ao fim, os narnianos fi is ao verdadeiro Aslan ainda poder o contar com a ajuda dos lend rios reis e rainhas de N rnia irm os que muito tempo antes derrotaram uma terr vel feiticeira. A ltima batalha se aproxima! H muito aguardada pelos f s e com nova tradu o de Ronald Kyrmse, esta edi o possui capa dura com acabamento soft touch e pintura trilateral, al m de ter ilustra es coloridas de Pauline Baynes, a artista favorita de C.S. Lewis e de seu melhor amigo, J.R.R. Tolkien, autor de O Hobbit e O Senhor dos An is."
"O Cavalo e o Seu Rapaz As Cr nicas de N rnia 3 by C.S. Lewis Pauline Baynes Ana Falc o Bastos. Grande sucesso de C. S. Lewis, esta a edi o de luxo definitiva de um dos maiores cl ssicos da literatura infantojuvenil. Reinos m gicos, criaturas inesquec veis e batalhas picas entre o bem o mal essas hist rias s o narradas em As Cr nicas de N rnia uma s rie de sete livros que acompanha crian as curiosas e suas aventuras entre o nosso mundo e outros universos m gicos. Em O Cavalo e seu Menino acompanhamos a hist ria de Shasta filho adotivo de um pai nada afetivo nas terras ao sul de N rnia. Ap s descobrir que seria vendido como escravo, ele foge rumo ao destino de seus sonhos para o Norte e em dire o a N rnia! Ao lado do cavalo falante Bri, Shasta viver uma aventura que terminar por coloc lo no centro de uma batalha que decidir n o apenas seu destino, mas tamb m o de toda N rnia. H muito aguardada pelos f s e com nova tradu o de Ronald Kyrmse, esta edi o possui capa dura com acabamento soft touch e pintura trilateral, al m de ter ilustra es coloridas de Pauline Baynes, a artista favorita de C.S. Lewis e de seu melhor amigo, J.R.R. Tolkien, autor de O Hobbit e O Senhor dos An is."
"O Sobrinho do M gico As Cr nicas de N rnia 1 by C.S. Lewis Pauline Baynes Ana Falc o Bastos. Grande sucesso de C. S. Lewis, esta a edi o de luxo definitiva de um dos maiores cl ssicos da literatura infantojuvenil. Reinos m gicos, criaturas inesquec veis e batalhas picas entre o bem e o mal essas hist rias s o narradas em As Cr nicas de N rnia uma s rie de sete livros que acompanha crian as curiosas e suas aventuras entre o nosso mundo e outros universos m gicos. Em O Sobrinho do Mago, o menino Greg rio e sua vizinha Polly v o parar num bosque m gico que d acesso a diversos mundos. Isso acontece antes de Pedro, Susana, Edmundo e L cia nascerem, antes mesmo de a pr pria N rnia existir! Os dois mal t m tempo de aproveitar a descoberta, pois no encal o deles h uma rainha malvada, um mago med ocre e um cocheiro muito assustado. Ainda bem que no meio da confus o h tamb m um misterioso le o, poderoso o suficiente para colocar tudo em ordem e dar vida a um novo mundo. H muito aguardada pelos f s, esta vers o definitiva d in cio a uma grande jornada. Com nova tradu o de Ronald Kyrmse, o livro possui capa dura com acabamento soft touch e pintura trilateral, al m de ter ilustra es coloridas de Pauline Baynes, a artista favorita de C.S. Lewis e de seu melhor amigo, J.R.R. Tolkien, autor de O Hobbit e O Senhor dos An is."
A Viagem do Caminheiro da Alvorada As Cr nicas de N rnia 5 by C.S. Lewis Pauline Baynes Ana Falc o Bastos. No description available
"O Pr ncipe Caspian As Cr nicas de N rnia 4 by C.S. Lewis Pauline Baynes Ana Falc o Bastos. Prince Caspian is the second captivating installment in C.S. Lewis's renowned fantasy series, The Chronicles of Narnia. The story resumes in the magical land of Narnia, where the Pevensie siblings Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy return to discover that centuries have passed since their last visit. Narnia is now under the rule of the Telmarines, and the Narnians, both human and mythical creatures, are in hiding. The titular character, Prince Caspian, is the rightful heir to the throne of Narnia. As he learns of his true lineage, he embarks on a quest to reclaim his kingdom from the tyrannical King Miraz. The Pevensie siblings, aided by their old friend Aslan, the noble lion, join forces with Caspian to restore peace and justice to Narnia. Filled with themes of courage, loyalty, and the struggle against oppression, Prince Caspian weaves a tale of adventure and self discovery. Lewis's imaginative storytelling and allegorical elements provide readers with a rich and immersive experience, making this installment a beloved classic. The novel continues to captivate audiences with its exploration of timeless virtues and the enduring battle between good and evil in the fantastical world of Narnia."
Whores for Gloria by William T. Vollmann. No description available
Expelled from Eden A William T. Vollmann Reader by William T. Vollmann Larry McCaffery Michael Hemmingson. No description available
You Bright and Risen Angels by William T. Vollmann. No description available
"The Ice Shirt Seven Dreams 1 by William T. Vollmann. A majestic fictional evocation of the Norse arrival in the New World, from the National Book Award winning author of Europe Central The time is the tenth century A.D. The newcomers are a proud and bloody minded people whose kings once changed themselves into wolves. The Norse have advanced as implacably as a glacier from Iceland to the wastes of Greenland and from there to the place they call Vinland the Good. The natives are a bronze skinned race who have not yet discovered iron and still see themselves as part of nature. As William T. Vollmann tells the converging stories of these two peoples and of the Norsewomen Freydis and Gudrid, whose venomous rivalry brings frost into paradise he creates a tour de force of speculative history, a vivid amalgam of Icelandic saga, Inuit creation myth, and contemporary travel writing that yields a new an utterly original vision of our continent and its past."
Poor People by William T. Vollmann. No description available
Las aventuras de Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain. No description available
